1	2004 bl86 will pass about three times the distance of earth to the moon.
estimate that the asteroid is about a third of a mile (0.5 kilometers) in size.
nasa says it poses no threat to earth 'for the foreseeable future'
2	iraqi islamic party calls quran incident "blatant assault" on muslim holy book.
u.s. soldier used quran for target practice, military investigation found.
u.s. commander in baghdad has issued formal apology.
soldier relieved of duty, will be reassigned after sending letter of apology.
3	carroll takes to instagram to post selfie ahead of ankle surgery.
west ham star expected to be out for up to four months.
the forward has had an injury-ravaged spell since moving from liverpool.
4	pop stars from all over europe are setting their sights on the u.s. market.
estonia's kerli, italy's marco bosco and austria's fawni want to make it big in l.a.
los angeles has long been a destination for european artists seeking fame.
5	new: young athletes light the olympic cauldron after the queen opens the games.
performances pay tribute to british history, literature and music.
the greek delegation leads the parade of athletes into the stadium.
organizers had sought beforehand to keep the event's details secret.
6	suliman mohamed accused of being part of a terror plot in canada.
canada's national security team said his arrest is directly linked to the arrests of twin brothers last week.
7	"he has brought shame on our family," says suspect's sister.
"i don't consider atta ullah my brother any more," she adds.
the 23-year-old student is being sought in connection with the attack on malala.
8	tsvangirai: "it was an accident that took her life"
pm returned home from botswana and addressed mourners at his residence.
much speculation the wreck was caused by his political opponents.
former u.s. ambassador to zimbabwe said the wreck raised suspicion.
9	lourdes signals intelligence facility in cuba to reopen, russian paper says.
vladimir putin met last week with president raul castro.
intelligence facility closed in 2001, has become overgrown and full of goats.
10	ceo stewart parnell, of the peanut corporation of america, was found guilty of shipping contaminated peanut butter and faking lab tests.
the tainted peanut paste led to an outbreak of salmonella that sickened 714 people and was linked to nine deaths.
stewart's brother michael parnell was also found guilty of conspiracy.
11	jamaican superstar pictured leaving mahiki nightclub at 3am.
bolt then headed to raffles nightclub in chelsea until 5am.
bolt led jamaica to 4x100m gold at the commonwealth games.
12	gary o'donnell was the first serviceman in 30 years to win the george medal twice.
he saved countless lives defusing bombs before he was killed in action in september 2008.
his widow toni hopes the sale will raise around £60,000 to help her support their four young children.
13	older breast cancer patients could avoid radiotherapy, study finds.
1,326 patients aged 65 or older took part in edinburgh university trial.
half of the women were given radiation as well as hormone treatment.
other half taking part in study were given hormone treatment alone.
after five years, roughly 96 per cent of both groups had survived.
14	officers victoria wheatley and rachael giles set to receive £35,000 each.
won sex discrimination case on grounds their guns were too big for hands.
said glock 17 weapons hindered their performances in firing range tests.
also claimed protective gear was too big for their small heads and legs.
both officers said they had complained to senior staff but were ignored.
during case, miss giles added she was 'bullied, victimised and isolated'
civil nuclear constabulary (cnc) found guilty of sexual discrimination.
central london employment tribunal dismissed claims of victimisation.
15	suge knight allegedly 'ran over and killed' terry carter, 55, on thursday afternoon in the parking lot of a burger restaurant.
his attorney said he would prove innocence with surveillance cameras, but cctv wasn't working at tam's burgers that night.
police previously said they had video of incident in their possession.
carter was a former business partner of ice cube and leaves behind a 'devastated' wife and two daughters.
eyewitnesses are now saying it was murder, and that knight purposely ran over the man's head with his truck.
16	noel harrison performed for the final time on saturday evening.
he suffered a heart attack at his devon home and later died in hospital.
wife lori chapman paid tribute to the singer, saying 'he will be loved and missed by more people than i ever knew'
the windmills of your mind won best song at the oscars in 1968.
17	interactive map by hertfordshire-based firm driving experiences includes ‘fear factor’ ratings for the routes.
the north yungas road in bolivia is widely considered to be the world’s most dangerous of the 22 included on the map.
cliff-top single track roads with deadly drops to highways renowned for their bandits are mapped to highlight the perils of driving.
scotland's a726, which is otherwise known as the old a74, is included and has a fear factor of four out of 10.
18	phil jagielka confident he and gary cahill will be able to fill the void left by john terry.
jagielka and cahill are unbeaten for england in the 10 games they have played together.
everton defender impressed with ross barkley, raheem sterling and luke shaw this season.
19	daniel donovan has announced he's formally seeking endorsements.
looking for backing from gop, conservative and independence parties.
says his enthusiasm has 'intensified' since he first expressed interest.
follows the resignation of convicted tax evader michael grimm.
donovan's announcement did not mention the july death of garner, 43.
20	disaster happened on mount manaslu in the himalayas of northern nepal.
nepalese guide understood to be among the dead.
injured were airlifted to safety by helicopter.
21	richard griffiths laid to rest at holy trinity church in stratford-upon-avon.
daniel radcliffe weeps as he leads tributes to beloved star of withnail and i.
nigel havers, lord fellowes and jack whitehall attend moving ceremony.
richard e. grant sends card: 'to my beloved.
uncle monty, chin chin'
22	cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi decided against voting for each other.
the portugal international instead picked three real madrid team-mates.
messi selected argentina team-mate angel di maria for the award.
england boss roy hodgson selected  javier mascherano for the top gong.
manchester united captain wayne rooney failed to pick up a nomination.
23	tel aviv is israel's hippest young city.
home to world-class theater, music and contemporary art.
"white city" area declared a unesco world heritage site for bauhaus architecture.
party-loving, tolerant atmosphere attracting more and more visitors.
24	nike's workout gear provokes controversy in australia and new zealand.
activists say design is too similar to the traditional samoan pe'a male tattoo.
they find it exploitative - and 750 people who signed online petition agree.
described as a 'direct violation of the indigenous peoples of the pacific'
25	eleanor laing bought two frocks and a jacket as deputy  commons speaker.
mp charged the  outfits to the taxpayer despite earning more than £100,000.
campaigners said voters would be 'shocked' by the cost for work clothes.
26	latest victim of h7n9 virus 48-year-old man who delivers poultry.
mutated strain previously unknown in humans.
vietnam bans imports of chinese poultry because of virus fears.
eleven people in china have contracted bird flu strain.
27	bike week in daytona beach, florida, began friday and ends sunday.
bike week caters to a wide demographic of people.
bike week and biketoberfest generate $650 million, official says.
28	danny beath collapsed outside his home from a heart attack.
'i just wish he'd known before he died,' says contest organiser.
29	lib dem leader warns recovery would be threatened if labour wins power.
says a tory majority government would not less 'fair' without lib dems.
predicts more coalitions in future with parties forced to abandon policies.
but splits emerged with vince cable over the economy and housing.
30	sir greg martin grilled by mps over running extra businesses on the side.
earned £230,000 as headteacher of the durand academy in south london.
also earned £160,000 from gmg which runs school's leisure centre.
school has been downgraded from 'excellent' to 'good' by oftsed.
accused of ‘taking his eye off the ball’ with extra business interests.
mail for the dating firm the coterie london was sent to the school site.
mp's fury at 'semi-nude' twitter with 'black underwear all over the place'
31	cecilia abadie, a google glass explorer, was pulled over on tuesday and given a ticket.
her violation was ‘driving w/monitor visible to driver'
the law prohibits drivers operating a vehicle in which devices, such as televisions, video monitors and others, are visible.
gps devices and parking assist monitors are exempt.
google glass is a wearable computer with an optical head-mounted display.
it is not available on the market yet but is being tested by 'google glass explorers', such as abadie.
supporters say she should challenge the ticket.
however, she was also ticketed for speeding.
32	louis van gaal will be the man responsible for nurturing manchester united's young talent when he takes control of the club.
the dutchman has a record of developing players including patrick kluivert, thomas muller and andres iniesta.
united academy star james wilson scored two goals on his debut against hull on tuesday night.
the old trafford club have a history of producing talented players including ryan giggs, david beckham, paul scholes and gary neville.
van gaal will work with youngsters including wilfried zaha and nick powell.
33	sharapova fought back from a set down to beat canadian bouchard.
the 2012 champion won 4-6, 7-5, 6-2 in two hours and 27 minutes.
sharapova will play simona halep in saturday's final at roland garros.
34	osteopath dr daniel mcbath died of a heart attack in his sleep on monday.
in december he had been banned from treating female patients in light of allegations that he sexually assaulted three patients between 2004 and 2014.
the married father of two daughters allegedly drugged a 26-year-old intern and exposed himself to her before she lost consciousnesses.
a 35-year-old patient with history of sexual abuse was allegedly violated by the physician and his friend until she bled.
mcbath allegedly injected her privates with white substance to increase her sex drive and told her to rub a cigar over her crotch.
the doctor was never charged with any crime and his brother said that the allegations against him 'were too much'
35	aston medication adherence study analysed one million prescriptions.
people often put off by side-effects and not understanding instructions.
certain groups more susceptible to a lack of adherence to guidelines.
those whose primary language is urdu and bengali struggled as did over-60s.
36	reconditioned jets will be used for target practice when training pilots.
test flight was piloted by remote control from tyndall air force base.
37	scott sgorbati, 49, contracted eastern equine encephalitis and died earlier this week.
only two weeks ago, richard breen, 87, died from disease.
cdc says fatal infections are rare but to take precaution when outside.
38	alec white, from country nsw, was on the princes' winning team in june.
alec and  cousins jasper and will are having international polo success.
harry made fun of the duke of cambridge for 'being whipped'
but harry harry was keen for a drink after the function, and lots of fun.
will spoke of his love for australia and joy at his 'new role as a dad'
the 'three whites', originally from australia's hunter valley, spend half the year playing polo overseas.
39	dolphins cheerleaders made a video in the dominican republic of themselves miming the song.
the video follows on from last year's cover of carly rae jepsen's 'call me maybe'
the louisiana saints cheerleaders also covered the song in a video that features hamburgers, alligators, and of course, a lot of flesh.
40	group, known as the ryders alley trencher-fed society, meet every week.
members of the independent group venture out on night-time excursions.
they say they allow their dogs to do what they do best: hunt and kill vermin.
new york city is estimated to have double numbers of rats to residents.
41	raheem sterling has the potential to be as good as marc overmars according to wayne rooney.
the manchester united striker showed sterling videos of the dutchman prior to the world cup.
overmars enjoyed a glittering career with the likes of arsenal, ajax and barcelona before retiring in 2009.
roy hodgson could be without jordan henderson on monday.
the three lions begin their euro 2016 qualifying campaign against switzerland at st jakob-park in basle.
hodgson believes his squad is full of versatile players capable of playing in different positions.
42	ray nagin to meet with cuban officials, learn about disaster plans.
state department sanctioned visit, mayor's representative says.
new orleans adjusted disaster plans after hurricane katrina.
three hurricanes hit cuba last year, but only seven people died.
43	the demi and ashton foundation (dna) raises awareness about child sex slavery.
the couple launched dna after meeting a girl who was trafficked into the u.s. from mexico.
demi moore: "most people aren't even aware of what's going on"
also check out the cnn freedom project: ending modern-day slavery.
44	julia gillard reveals she discussed sexism with other female leaders.
ms gillard said women are judged on their appearance and not treated with the same respect as men.
comments come just days after hillary clinton stated that ms gillard encountered 'extraordinary sexism' while she was in office.
45	"i understand that it has taken hold," israel's u.s. ambassador says of cease-fire.
israel alleges violations of the hours-old cease-fire; one official says five, another 12.
u.n.'s ban ki-moon says "disproportionate" use of force is "intolerable.
agreement calls for "total cessation of all hostile activity" from gaza.
46	suspect in custody before he was able to make it over the fence.
had two bags with him that are now being screened by police.
president was in michigan when the incident occurred and is on his way back to d.c. now.
47	u.s. and russian officials disagree on reported iranian missile.
the dispute was recounted in one of the leaked u.s. diplomatic cables.
48	louis van gaal leaves three shirt numbers blank ahead of new season fueling speculation of major new signings.
januzaj will take on giggs' no 11 shirt next season.
the midfielder wore no 44 after breaking into the red devils' first team.
giggs retired from playing at the end of last season to become assistant manager under louis van gaal.
he did not want his famous shirt number to be retired.
the 40-year-old wore no 11 for virtually his entire old trafford career.
49	radamel falcao and james rodriguez's dads played in the same team.
falcao and rodriguez are international team-mates with colombia.
the pair were also club team-mates with french side monaco last season.
50	researchers at north carolina state university have fitted cockroaches with electrical 'backpacks' to control their movement.
device is wired to their sensory organs and contains microphones.
cyborg roaches are programmed to seek out the faintest of noises.
they could one day be sent into crumpled buildings to seek out trapped survivors of earthquakes and send data to emergency workers, for example.
51	chinese women may feature on rich lists but many take second place to men.
young women are under pressure to marry lest be labeled "leftover women"
marital property belongs to one person, typically the man of the household.
preference for boys continues due to china's one-child policy.
52	arsenal qualify for champions league last 16 with 2-0 win against borussia dortmund.
yaya sanogo scores first competitive goal for arsenal to put arsene wenger's side ahead.
french youngster looked to be in an offside position for his second-minute strike.
alexis sanchez doubles arsenal's lead with curling effort in 57th minute.
click here for sami mokbel's player ratings.
53	new: the couple is going through a divorce.
catherine kieu becker, 48, is arrested for aggravated mayhem.
she is accused of drugging her husband and cutting off his penis, police say.
the couple is going through a divorce, according to police.
54	sen. hillary clinton has told of dangerous arrival in bosnia in 1996 under sniper fire.
video footage of arrival shows clinton and daughter walking calmly from plane.
clinton recounted story in effort to show her foreign policy experience.
obama campaign says clinton has "exaggerated her role" in foreign policy.
55	specially chartered malaysia airlines flight arrives in kuala lumpur.
carrying bodies of 20 passengers killed aboard flight mh17.
mh17 shot over ukraine, with the loss of 298 passengers and crew on board.
56	inconceivable stunt was performed southbound on the m5 in west midlands.
fast lane driver swerved towards middle lane and held out arm for the drink.
the shocking incident was caught on dashboard camera by driver behind.
he said: 'it was crazy, stupid and dangerous...could have ended really badly'
video slammed by road safety campaigners and is being examined by police.
57	arizona bill requires police to question people if there's reason to suspect they're in u.s. illegally.
governor has not yet signed bill.
attorney says lawmakers from 4 states have asked how to follow arizona's lead.
"arizona's approach is the wrong one," aclu attorney says.
58	the materials were taken in the may 2 raid on bin laden's compound in pakistan.
they confirm the al qaeda leader communicated with an affiliate group in yemen.
bin laden was involved in planning attacks, the materials show.
59	professor les ebdon said pupils should be admitted according to potential.
head of the office for fair access also said he intervened at 26 universities.
the most privileged fifth of pupils were eight times more likely to be offered a place at a leading university than the most disadvantaged fifth.
60	hillary clinton stepped up her rhetoric on economic equality on thursday.
clinton: "we have to make these issues part of every political debate"
the message comes as democrats prepare to campaign nationwide for midterms.
rep. rosa delauro: "my view is damn the torpedoes, full steam ahead, it is on"
61	new: tourists urged to steer clear of bangkok.
many other tourist spots, such as phuket, remain dry and open for business.
the outer suburbs are already flooded, but the central city has largely been spared.
the thai floods have killed 373 people and affected more than 9.5 million.
62	the unidentified women were snapped walking around two different arizona state university halloween parties in just their birthday suits and black high heels.
twitter user @asuconfessions posted the images which spread instantly.
the pictures have gained both widespread criticism and support.
some claim the women were strippers hired by the university's fraternity.
63	swimmers fight rough currents, nausea in trip across english channel.
swim raised money for nonprofit that helps vets find roles in community service.
two rhodes scholars, 3 naval academy grads say swim also honors vets on d-day.
"i felt like an ant in a toilet bowl," swimmer says.
64	video captures traffic officers who punch and hit each other in the middle of busy street during rush hour.
they were hired to assist wardens in directing the traffic in tangshan, china.
both women were sacked after the fight, which lasted a minute.
65	hannah bowness-major, 13, has addison's disease which means her adrenal gland does not produce enough of the vital hormone cortisol.
cortisol is needed as it regulates blood pressure and the immune system.
without it, her body is can't deal with stress, so excitement is dangerous.
she cannot play, swim or go on holiday as she could get overexcited.
her family are fundraising for a special pump which could provide her body with the cortisol it desperately needs.
66	jordan spieth is considered brightest young prospect on pga tour.
he opens 2014 by finishing second to zach johnson in hawaii.
tiger woods goes into the new year chasing elusive 15th major.
rory mcilroy looking recover his form after difficult 2013.
67	robot was built by the foundation for research and technology-hellas.
it is inspired by the movement and speed of a real octopus.
early experiments used thin silicon arms to propel the robot through water.
the team then added ‘webs’ between these arms to increase speed.
it now travels at half its 14-inch (360mm) body length per second.
robot was presented at the ieee international conference on intelligent robots and systems in chicago.
researchers hope the robot could be used to monitor fish numbers and underwater environment in a more discreet way.
68	father-of-two barry lewis revealed as new face of sainsbury's campaign.
32-year-old became youtube sensation by filming himself learning to cook.
his videos have attracted nearly 10million views and 150,000 subscribers.
will front supermarket's 'love your freezer' ad, promoting family cooking.
69	thomas hare last seen swimming in the mekong river.
his body was found by a fisherman.
had appeared on casualty, sky's a touch of cloth and channel 4's top boy.
70	mya barry, 5 months old, died in september 2011 from opiate poisoning after drinking formula laced with heroin.
mya was born with heroin addiction because her mother, ashley cyr, used the drug daily during pregnancy.
ryan barry said he saw his wife snort heroin off a dr seuss book and then leave it on the floor.
71	janelle monae popping up on commercial, on tour, on tv.
singer has alter ego: cindi mayweather, futuristic android on the run.
observers praise talent: "i believe she's going to be a household name," says dj.
72	florence court to rule at knox, former boyfriend retrial thursday.
both were convicted of british student meredith kercher's murder, later acquitted.
knox has opted not to travel to italy for the trial after spending four years in jail.
if found guilty, knox said she would become "a fugitive"
73	brothers darren and mark thorpe and cousin gavin bradley are all dead.
men were last seen at a spot called devil’s water on tyne on sunday night.
darren's son anthony almost drowned in same river aged 12 in march 2012.
74	watchdog releases details of 28 mps who agreed to return money.
mps were banned from putting new mortgages on expenses in 2010.
peterborough mp the only one to refuse - and is being taken to court.
mps jointly made £1m on selling their homes.
75	open return from london to manchester has soared from £96 to £329.
that could pay for flight to barcelona, athens, rome or even new york.
customer anger over 'fat cat' boss bonuses branded 'rewards for failure'
76	old sandy hook elementary school is expected to be demolished with plans to build a new school on the same site by 2016.
77	sprang to prominence in three beatles films of the 1960s: hard day’s night, help! and magical mystery tour.
close friend barbara windsor was one of the last people to visit the veteran actor.
his agent barry burnett, said: 'he was very cheerful to the end'
78	298 people lost their lives in the crash of malaysia airlines flight 17 in ukraine.
jim hall, peter goelz: there must be an immediate and competent investigation.
they say russia and ukraine should not conduct investigation; leave it to the dutch.
hall, goelz: international community must stand up for safe and secure global travel.
79	harold and ruth knapke were married for nearly 66 years.
they died within 11 hours of each other earlier this month.
their children call it their "final act of love"
80	a study released thursday at the consumer electronics show in las vegas in revealed just how common digital eye strain really is.
the vision council led the study and says over half of adults don't know there are ways to ease the discomfort.
81	mark cavendish is a record-breaking road race cyclist.
the british sprinter says he always had to win at everything, even as a kid.
cavendish also trains his brain regularly with sudoku puzzles.
a photographic memory helps him remember "every pothole" in each circuit.
82	katie lawton and stacey wisdom lost 12 stone between them.
joined weight loss programme and ditched fast food.
katie went from 19st to 11st 7lbs.
stacey, who weighed almost 13st, is now 8st 9lbs.
83	blonde driver spent 10 minutes stuffing bags into vauxhall corsa outside sonning common village hall in oxfordshire.
clothes were donated to raise money for county’s air ambulance service.
84	commons motion  laid slamming retailers for offering ‘huge discounts'
three mps claim knock-down prices caused ‘scenes of disorder' last year.
the mps call on ‘all uk retailers not to mark this event in 2015 or again’
comes after police were called after fighting broke out over cheap tvs.
85	11-acre site near solihull could include 11,000 graves for followers of islam.
plan has sparked anger among residents in village of catherine-de-barnes.
council leader says there is 'no need' for the extra site on rural land.
there are also fears over the impact of extra traffic on roads around village.
muslim community in solihull says there is a desperate need for more plots.
86	much has changed since the last presidential election.
some unchanged: mubarak came from the military, military still runs egypt.
election presented varied choices: islamists, leftists, former regime members.
87	omar hammami, 29, from alabama, was executed in somali village.
british bomb-maker habib ghani also killed in ambushed by a rival group.
ghani had been on the run with 7/7 bomber's wife, samantha lewthwaite.
al-shabab gunmen lay in wait posing as camel herders outside village.
the group had been hunting rival members following a split.
88	new: cnn count shows more than 200,000 enrolled in obamacare so far.
health secretary sebelius urges state and local officials to push obamacare enrollment.
sebelius projects a "significantly different user experience" on the website by december 1.
botched obamacare website rollout has become a political flashpoint in washington.
89	martin middleton, 26, lost several fingers in the blast in january this year.
he called 999, fled his house in bolton, and was picked up by paramedics.
his fiancee, who was also at home at the time, escaped uninjured.
middleton pleaded guilty to charge and will be sentenced in june.
90	nominated for four grammy awards.
91	sheila roberts and brian adair work for the uk's national crime agency.
suspended from jobs after being charged with data protection offences.
they allegedly used positions to obtain sensitive documents and reports.
it is first major controversy for nca, which was set up in october last year.
agency given £450million to tackle serious and organised crime in britain.
former police officer glyn evans also accused of data protection offences.
keith vaz, mp for leicester east, said he was 'astounded' by allegations.
92	best friends megan hull and jessica brown from bradford breed rabbits.
pair started bunnytales rabbit ranch, selling bunnies as pets, a year ago.
both say the rabbits helped them overcome post-natal depression.
93	hare tries his best to stay away from chasing greyhounds, despite muzzle.
dogs gave chase during first day of coursing cup in limerick, ireland.
annual meeting sees greyhounds course hares with 80,000 euro first prize.
94	sodium thiopental is part of three-drug cocktail used in lethal injection.
the u.s. manufacturer of the drug said last month it would stop making the drug.
13 states that use the drug in executions are asking feds if they will share their supplies.
meanwhile, six death row inmates are suing to stop imports they claim may be unsafe.
95	the graffiti-themed bag collection has been mocked for its disheveled ‘art student’ appearance.
chanel sales associates say it is sold out worldwide.
96	underground space in nondescript new york building home to indie video game arcade.
homemade video games, indie bands, diverse crowd make up "raucus", "radical" punk scene.
owners, patrons strive for an experience that "can't be bought in a store"
97	four children a day are spirited out of britain over summer holidays.
cards offering help to those at risk will be handed out to schools and gps.
98	memories of late son ivan as couples interrupt glitzy schedule for poignant visit to centre with a cause close to their hearts.
99	peter hore, 54, is one of two people on the g20 summit's prohibited list.
he has been banned from entering brisbane from november 8-17.
mr hore said he wanted to walk naked across brisbane's gateway bridge.
serial pest infamously ran onto the melbourne cup racetrack and invaded the socceroos' world cup qualifier in 1997.
he was also arrested in april after saying he wanted to interrupt the duke and duchess of cambridge during the australian royal tour.
100	won jeong-hwa used to work undercover in south korea selling sex secrets about army generals to the north korean government.
but she now claims to have turned her back on her links with pyongyang.
she has looked for waitress and cleaning job in her adopted town gunpo.
but says employers fire her as soon as they find out details of her past life.
101	kate kimpel: gop senators stopped paycheck fairness act, a blow for working women.
act is not a partisan issue; she says. gop and democratic women support it.
kimpel: women, minorities have no way of knowing if they make less than white males.
fairness act would make it more transparent and eliminate barriers to finding out, she says.
102	scientists say nearby soviet-era uranium mines caused mysterious illness.
known to cause cancer, radon occurs naturally through decay of uranium.
the 'toxic gas' induces its victims into a 'dream like state' said one expert.
local officials are considering plans to move the remote village of kalachi.
professor leonid rikhvanov has been examining the village for four years.
they failed to find traces of radon because it is difficult to detect in the air.
103	rain lets up in some areas of flood-hit pakistan.
secretary of state hillary clinton appeals for aid.
about 3 million people have been affected by monsoon rains and flooding.
104	maureen fleming, 63, was diagnosed with bowel cancer six years ago.
has been refused the life-extending drug cetuximab in scotland.
if she lived in england she would get the £10,000 treatment free on the nhs.
she and husband ian are now considering relocating to newcastle.
105	'castumbul castle is on the market for the first time ever - a stunning property, constructed between 2000 and 2008.
the home features gargoyles, suits of armours, gold wallpaper and curtains from princess diana's estate.
it is just 35 minutes from adelaide's cbd, with handpainted ceilings, a decadent cellar and incredible home cinema.
106	the cherry-growing harvest is expected to be worth £20 million, up from just £7.5 million last year.
the new british cherry is very different.
to the fruit once sold by the side of the road or in markets in the towns and cities.
after joining the common market,.
british fruit growers could not compete with cheaper imports.
but british cherries have fought back to become a prominent crop.
107	opposition to immigration reform appears to be hardening in the house.
failure to pass farm bill in the house demonstrated divisions in gop ranks.
roughly a quarter of house republicans broke ranks with speaker boehner.
boehner recently compared immigration reform to obamacare.
108	zach grabill took photo of his wife and son last year in boca grande, florida.
their son aiden diagnosed with 2lb wilms' tumour and had kidney removed.
now aiden is five and in good health - and image has gone viral on facebook.
ariane grabill, 36, told mailonline she was 'overwhelmed' by global support.
109	850 staff have been given £11m of licence fee payers' money to move north.
many allowed to keep london homes and given rent and travel allowances.
bbc insists move to salford is cost-effective.
110	deputy prime minister says he did a 'very bad thing' on school exchange.
it happened in the summer of 1983 while a student at westminster school.
he got 'very drunk' and torched rare plants belonging to a german judge.
was banned from going on outings and ordered to dig flowerbeds instead.
lib dem leader says it was a rare show of 'anti-europeanism'
111	former pm called extreme islamist ideology 'insidious and venomous'
he said those with religious faith must be more tolerant of others.
blair also spoke of syria fears as he visits un.
112	photographer left job as a watchmaker in 1950s to photograph rising stars such as shirley bassey and tony hancock.
but east end born artist also recorded hundreds of lively documentary images spanning 30 years of life in london.
new exhibition at museum of london revives 50 images of markets, races, protests - and the dreaded rush hour.
113	solanke replaced oscar in the second half of chelsea's 6-0 victory.
he is one of a crop of kids coming through the ranks at stamford bridge.
the 17-year-old helped chelsea win the fa youth cup last season.
solanke scored 18 goals leading the line for the academy side last year.
114	liverpool knocked out of champions league after drawing with basle.
liverpool winger lazar markovic sent off when basle were 1-0 up.
basle defender behrang safari insists he was caught by markovic.
liverpool manager brendan rodgers said sending off was 'disappointing'
graham poll: markovic deserved to be sent off.
115	use these tips to carve out a pumpkin and a party for halloween.
choose smooth, firm and symmetrical pumpkins for carving.
use the right tools: melon ballers and linoleum cutters work!
116	new: a spokeswoman says she fears for their safety.
9-year-old chloie leverette and 7-year-old gage daniel were last seen sunday.
their home burned down the same night.
investigators did not find evidence the children were victims of the fire.
117	tv chef takes to twitter to share photograph of home-made cake.
has not spoken out since husband charles saatchi was pictured with his hand on her neck at a restaurant.
advertising mogul has repeatedly talked about controversy in the press.
118	dozens of fans stop by mural depicting famous penn state figures.
the coach had many of his victories stripped from his record.
paterno was fired after jerry sandusky was arrested on child sex abuse charges.
he died a few months later after suffering from lung cancer.
119	the email with the photo was sent anonymously to john hammar's mother from a yahoo.mx account.
hammar, 27, was arrested in august for carrying an antique rifle that had belonged to his great-grandfather.
hammar, a marine, had served in iraq and afghanistan.
he was suffering from ptsd after the death of a fellow marine in fallujah.
his parents have appealed to florida lawmakers, who are asking for the state department to get involved.
120	nancy lanza was shot four times in the head, medical examiner says.
a friend says he saw a lock box in the basement where nancy lanza kept her guns.
she was a country girl who grew up shooting, the friend says.
people who knew nancy lanza said she was "responsible" with her weapons.
121	astronaut buzz aldrin stood on the talcum-like dust of the moon 45 years ago.
he says all he loved lay on a faraway, fragile blue sphere engulfed by blackness.
aldrin: let's join an international private-public sector effort to develop the moon.
but for america, he says, we must pursue permanent human presence on mars.
122	ray rodda, 61, from sunderland, has been diagnosed with throat cancer.
he is having his voice box completely removed and will be unable to speak.
however, he's recorded around a dozen messages for his family on an ipad.
they include commands for his labrador, including 'high five' and 'lie down'
123	james arthur ray is sentenced to a total of two years in prison.
three people died in 2009 after participating in ceremony led by ray.
"my heart's been ripped out," one victim's mother says at sentencing hearing.
124	distilleries in tennessee want to change a year-old law that states tennessee whiskey must be made a certain way.
the manufacture includes using special charred oak barrels.
lawmakers want to change the rules because the standards say make it difficult for craft distilleries to sell their whiskey as tennessee whiskey and puts them at a significant disadvantage.
jack daniel’s opposes the change, saying that any adjustment would dilute the appeal of tennessee whiskey.
the big change would be to allow whiskey makers to re-use their barrels, which would significantly cut costs.
specialty barrels can cost up to $600.
125	catherine goins, 37, is facing murder charges in the shooting death of natalia roberts, 30, a mother of two from georgia.
sheriff's officials say goins lured roberts to an ex-boyfriend's home under the pretense of wanting to give her some baby clothes.
she then shot the mother in the back of the head and fled the scene with her three-week-old and three-year-old kids, police said.
goins initially told police she heard a noise and shot an intruder in a hallway.
126	prime minister: 'it's a basic issue of fairness. should people really be able to earn more than £26,000 just through benefits alone? i don't believe they should'
row spills out on twitter with many backing proposals.
centre for social justice: 'our present system traps families in.
dependency on state handouts and sends a corrosive message to the two.
million children who live in workless households'
127	bronze sculpture by christian artist timothy p. schmalz shows jesus beneath a blanket lying on a bench.
last year, cathedrals in new york and canada rejected versions of the sculpture, but pope francis accepted one into vatican city.
the rector at the church in davidson, north carolina believes it represents those who are marginalized in society and reminds people to care.
but some residents say it does not represent jesus - and have even called the police after thinking it was a real man.
128	britain 'will enjoy above average temperatures of 17c tomorrow'
60mm of rain could fall in scotland and northern ireland tomorrow.
leaves on trees turn golden brown as autumn arrives.
129	al qaeda's north african wing claims responsibility, al-jazeera reports.
the group says it will make its demands to the french government soon.
five of the people abducted are french nationals, foreign ministry says.
130	evidence reveals a back channel between news corp. and the government.
james murdoch says staff members knew he would have "cut out the cancer"
rupert murdoch is to appear wednesday at the inquiry into british media ethics.
both murdochs deny knowing about the scale of illegal actions at their papers.
131	diego simeone has been charged with improper conduct by uefa.
atletico madrid boss simeone charge is in relation to a confrontation with real defender raphael varane.
simeone stormed on to the pitch to argue with varane over his goal celebrations.
simeone will learn his fate on july 17.
real's xabi alonso has also been charged with improper conduct.
suspended alonso ran down the touchline to celebrate gareth bale's goal.
real won the champions league final 4-1 in extra time against atletico.
132	shuttles customer service workers for 160m journey across river witham.
costs the taxpayer £7,000 a year and have run for six years.
133	church of england scrapped the ban in a historic vote in york yesterday.
archbishop of canterbury warned the church had been wrong on the issue.
general synod blocked women bishops in november 2012  by just six votes.
the move comes 20 years after women were allowed to become priests.
move was passed with an overwhelming majority of 152 to 45.
134	agency accused of choosing businesses over homes in kent.
villagers said they were 'sacrificed' to save shops in tonbridge.
environment agency denies it chose one or the other.
135	jennifer davis: children lose educational gains in summer, do better with a longer school year.
davis: students from low-income families really fall behind peers with more advantages.
phoenix district extended school year; scores on state tests went up, she says, failure rates down.
all students do better, she says, and it provides opportunities for more creative teaching.
136	online karaoke firm reveals korean rapper's hit was top ny tune.
beat perennial favourite auld lang syne to top spot.
other singalong favourites include adele and carly rae jepsen.
137	dean obeidallah: my iphone has been great to me, but i'm getting restless.
he says he's losing interest in the rumors of a new iphone 5.
he's even flirting with the "younger samsung galaxy"
138	pistorius' lawyer claimed he has anxiety disorder linked to his disability.
psychiatrist testified that disorder may be linked to the shooting.
chief prosecutor asks that pistorius be placed under psychiatric evaluation.
prosecution suggested defence is shifting tactics as trial isn't going well.
139	evelyn rogers pleaded guilty to statutory rape.
she was a special education teacher at a brooklyn, new york, high school.
a judge sentenced her to 10 years of probation, but no jail time - despite the protests of prosecutors.
140	new: a small wave of about 10 centimeters (4 inches) was recorded at acajutla, el salvador.
the earthquake took place nearly 53 kilometers (33 miles) underground.
there were reports of minor shaking, but no damage or injuries.
the region is prone to earthquakes.
141	petra kvitova said her career highlight was winning wimbledon.
kvitova also spoke about holidays, richard branson and making sushi.
czech star dumped out of us open in third round.
142	thrilled spectators gathered to watch the powerful display of nature.
it is believed the flood occurs when rain falls on mountains miles away.
the natural wonder is described in the old testament of the bible.
143	40 women stage mass breastfeed outside luxury london hotel claridge's.
protest comes after hotel staff told mother to cover up while breastfeeding.
louise burns, 35, felt 'shocked and appalled' when asked to cover herself.
hotel 'embraces' breastfeeding but requests 'discretion' towards guests.
ukip leader nigel farage later suggested mothers could 'sit in the corner' in restaurants to avoid offending people.
144	judge has ruled that michael roberts can not take his children with him to australia as their murderer mother still has legal visitation rights.
tracey richter was found guilty in october 2011 of killing her 20-year-old neighbour dustin wehde in 2001.
richter was hailed a hero in 2001 for apparently repelling a home invasion - which at the time wehde was suspected of being a part of along with another man.
richter fired nine shots into wehde - including three in the back of the head while he lay on the ground.
her children aged one and three were in the room next door at the time.
authorities always suspected richter was not telling the truth.
145	the huge bipartisan bill would fund the government through the end of september.
"this gets the train back on the track," a republican congressman says.
it "shows the american people that we can compromise" a democratic senator says.
the bill affects areas like federal worker pay, airport security and light bulbs.
146	british design firm seymourpowell has designed morph to offer passengers choice over the amount of space they pay for.
the width of the seat can be adjusted,.
while an individual can also control the seat pan height and depth, to.
make sure they are comfortable.
morph uses a fabric that is stretched across.
the width of three seats, around a frame and over formers, a little like.
a hi-tech hammock.
147	in the days leading up to public announcements, vice presidential candidate's wikipedia pages are frequently updated by campaign staffers.
colbert told viewers to 'make as many edits as possible'
148	the 27-storey sydney by crown tower will not be complete until 2017.
but 95 per cent of its apartments sold out on saturday.
and all of its four penthouses were snapped up in just an hour.
a total of $173.1 million in apartments in the sydney block were purchased.
the prices started from $826,650 for a one-bedroom suite.
149	enrique arochi, 24, was apprehended saturday and faces an aggravated kidnapping charge.
the charge is in relation to disappearance of christina morris.
dna evidence was reportedly linked to a vehicle belonging to arochi.
morris was last seen with him in a parking garage on august 30, which was picked up by security camera footage.
150	february 20 is the birthday for five of the seven children in cummins family.
catherine, carol, charles, claudia and cecilia were all born in separate years.
entered into the 1977 guinness world.
records as 'the only verified record of a family producing five single.
children with the same date of birth'
the record-keepers in 1977 estimated odds of that happening were 17.7 billion to 1.
151	actor ronn moss has decided to end his 25-year run as ridge forrester on the soap.
the head writer says the character will not be killed off.
moss' last episode airs on sept. 14.
152	the super bowl xx champs bears will visit the white house on october 7.
oh, by the way, president obama is a bears fan.
the original post-super bowl visit was canceled due to the challenger explosion.
153	graco children's products receives 11 reports of fingertip amputations, other injuries.
the strollers have a folding hinge that can pinch a child's finger and even sever tip.
"safety has been and will continue to be the priority at graco," firm says.
154	tony kirwan was working as an electrician in north queensland when he quit his lucrative job to establish destiny rescue in 2001.
his goal is to remove up to 800 kids from sex slavery and human trafficking in 2014.
mr kirwan's focus is on cambodia, thailand, laos and india.
he says there are currently 27 million men, women and children held as slaves around the world.
more than one million children are trafficked each year, or one child every 26 seconds is taken.
his team now works undercover with anti-trafficking police, rescuing children, making arrests and closing brothels.
human trafficking is reputed to be the third biggest industry in the world, believed to be worth upwards of $99 billion to those involved.
155	alexander motyl: putin belligerent about ukraine as his minister signs accord.
motyl: despite putin hard line, geneva statement is a major step down by russia.
accord says illegal armed groups must be disarmed; illegally seized buildings returned.
motyl: it seems that if you talk tough and act tough, putin may just possibly listen.
156	mayweather was having a hair cut in brixton when a woman approached him.
she told the undefeated world champion that she did not know who he was.
she told mayweather that she knew had heard of mike tyson, but not him.
an enraged mayweather shouts back: 'i need to google you!'
he is the highest-paid sportsman in the world, making $105m from two fights.
157	bomb victims waiting for presidential visit.
blast went off 15 minutes before president's arrival.
algeria faces islamic insurgency.
al qaeda-affiliated group claimed july attacks.
158	matthew quinn, 25, first appeared on the jeremy kyle show in 2012.
he admitted abusing two girlfriends who appeared on the show with him.
quinn is due to be sentenced this month for breaching a community order imposed after he attacked one of them.
he then appeared on the show again in february as part of a love-triangle.
quinn now wants to sue the show's producers for 'vilifying him'
159	england drew the first test against sri lanka at lord's.
stuart broad and james anderson weren't able to force final wicket.
rangana herath should be sent on a laws of the game crash course.
160	advert drew 370 complaints to the advertising standards authority (asa)
the company said the advert demonstrated a ‘well-adjusted, comfortable, and completely non-sexual attitude to the human body’
asa was fine with the nudity but said ad gave misleading information about where the ham was made.
161	ahmad bashir, 57, repeatedly stabbed by man shouting anti-muslim statements outside mosque in flushing, queens.
mr bashir's nose was also bitten in gruesome assault.
unknown attacker was able to get away, and remains on the loose as police investigate.
162	contributed to the unique slip-resistant design of the trainers.
started out making the shoes with his brother paul.
hit the mainstream when sean penn wore them in a film.
163	mannequins trialled three years ago and will be rolled out over 170 stores.
size 10 is standard size for mannequins - debenhams want to change that.
backed by equalities minister jo swinson who promotes body confidence.
164	staff sergeant is oldest of the 6,000 soldiers in the 25th.
infantry division in eastern afghanistan.
he served two tours of vietnam.
re-enlisted in u.s. army after 9/11.
165	goodluck jonathan criticizes the girls' parents for not cooperating fully with police.
protesters take to streets in london again calling for the release of schoolgirls.
rallies were held around the world saturday, mounting pressure on nigeria to do more.
a total of 276 schoolgirls were abducted, many still in the hands of captors.
166	shirley ratliff had been walking miles to get to work at bruegger's bagels.
loyal customers and colleagues presented her with a 1992 buick lesabre.
shirley, 47, has been working at the bagel shop in raleigh for eight years.
she had been saving for a car but suffered a setback due to ill health.
167	marine corps confirms incident in september 2010 in sangin, afghanistan.
former marines outraged and say 'heads need to roll' in investigation.
but military probe found flag was used to identify team as scout snipers.
168	michel escoto is accused of murdering his wife of four days, wendy trapaga, in 2002.
authorities.
say he planned to kill trapaga to collect the life insurance money and.
then run off with his former girlfriend, yolanda cerrillo.
cerrillo admitted to helping escoto plan and carry out the murder in exchange for immunity from prosecution.
she was the star witness against him.
in the closing arguments on monday, the prosecution called escoto a 'controlling, manipulative schemer'
169	family bakery ashers operates in a protestant enclave of belfast.
daniel mcarthur, 24, refused to bake a cake saying 'support gay marriage'
extraordinary row has been mentioned at prime minister's questions.
the equalities commission, northern ireland, is now threatening to prosecute his family.
170	arsenal won 2-0 away at manchester city in the premier league on sunday.
gunners had just 35 per cent of possession in their etihad victory.
arsene wenger's side were tactically set up brilliantly against city.
click here for arsenal transfer news.
171	cocktail waitress shauna tiaffay had hole so deep in her head medics thought she'd been shot.
body discovered at her flat by estranged husband george tiaffay and their eight-year-old daughter.
detectives claim tiaffay knew what the child would find because he had 'orchestrated the killing'
fireman 'hired friend and vagrant noel stevens who struck her so hard the hammer broke off handle'
police find 'mrs tiaffay's underwear and blood-stained clothes' in tents used by stevens.
172	social critic and author camille paglia wrote an opinion piece for time magazine addressing so-called sex assault epidemic on campuses.
the self-described dissident feminist argued that today's young women are unaware of men's 'animal eyes glowing at them in the dark'
173	labour leader says although commons in recess lord green should be hauled in front of the lords.
email confirms stephen green was made aware of serious allegations of wrongdoing.
compliance chief raised allegations that ‘senior persons fabricated record'
174	ben hooper, 35, to embark on 2,000-mile swim across the atlantic ocean.
will set off from dakar, senegal, on november 1 2015, hopefully arriving in natal, brazil, about two months later.
thought he will burn up to 12,000 calories per day in epic two-month swim.
every minute of journey will be streamed on his official facebook page.
will be turned in to a documentary by producers of the deadliest catch.
175	a bright green cat has been seen roaming the streets in varna, bulgaria.
many assumed the stray was the victim of a cruel prank by vandals.
but  the cat actually sleeps on a heap of synthetic green paint in a garage.
176	photographer daniel traub's new book profiles a struggling area of north philadelphia.
traub says he examined neighborhoods long troubled by destitution yet ripe with beauty and possibility.
"i want to show the complexity of the place.... it has a lot of hidden richness," traub said.
177	roy anthony jones charged with sexually assaulting 37-year-old patient on january 13.
virginia hospital center in arlington has fired him.
the washington d.c. man was charged yesterday after dna samples were tested.
178	egyptian police use water cannon, tear gas to disperse two demonstrations.
some youth activists surrender to show solidarity with colleagues.
interior ministry says 28 people were detained "in violation of the protest law"
some female detainees abandoned on a highway, witnesses, activists say.
179	jordan green was found by his mother heidi on wednesday morning in their harrogate home.
police are not treating his death as suspicious.
180	shona's dad would turn on the charm when her friends came round.
girls would simper when her dad came in the room, and the older they got the worse it became.
by the time she was 17, her father was openly flirting.
then, when shona was 18, her friend sue had sex with her recently divorced father.
names have been changed.
181	liverpool's thrashed a hapless arsenal 5-1 at anfield last season.
but their previous home win over the gunners was back in 2007-08.
arsene wenger has tasted success seven times in those 14 matches.
improvement against bournemouth will give liverpool confidence.
182	the team will also post new signs warning fans not to lean, sit on or stand against the rails.
shannon stone died after falling over the railing at rangers ballpark.
he had been trying to catch a ball.
another man fell at the stadium last year but survived.
183	nick clegg shares chevening, in kent, with the foreign secretary.
landowner edward barham complained after mr clegg objected to the bill.
the complaint led to negotiations with mr clegg who paid most of the tab.
the taxpayer was left to foot the rest of the bill from cabinet office coffers.
mr clegg earns £134,000 a year and his wife miriam is paid up to £500,000.
184	dakota rose and venus palermo become internet hits.
youtube tutorials give tips on how to transform into a living doll.
concern it could encourage sexualisation of young girls.
185	first family makes brief visit to stanley dunham's final resting place before private zoo tour.
second world war hero was father figure to obama when he was a boy.
earlier in the day president played golf with new zealand's prime minister.
186	caoimhe preshur was on a canal boating holiday in sheffield.
the boy was walking along the deck of a narrow boat when he slipped.
caoimhe dived in and held his head above water until help arrived.
187	shane spong attacked brother in row over his lazy lifestyle.
judge says row would never have happened if he switched off the light.
receives 12 months suspended sentence and must do community service.
188	stuart hughes is known for his expensive remakes of popular gadgets.
only two of these iphone 4s will ever be made.
the device has a price tag of 5 million pounds, or roughly $8 million.
189	french police cleared migrant camps at the channel port yesterday.
authorities insisted it had to be cleared because of an outbreak of scabies.
but none of the men living there knew anyone infected with the mites.
scuffles broke out as diggers crushed tents often with possessions inside.
190	romelu lukaku scored a hat-trick against young boys in the europa league.
everton boss roberto martinez says lukaku is committed to the club.
lukaku had suggested he wanted to move to a 'top club' last week.
he signed for everton from chelsea for £28 million last summer.
191	several stones of fallen british and canadian soldiers need replacing.
distinctive white stones not replaced since the end of world war ii.
more than 8,300 graves will get new stones in time for d-day anniversary.
192	asperger's sufferer andrew young, 40, killed with single punch last year.
lewis gill, 21, received four-year sentence for unprovoked attack.
andrew's mother, pamela, called the short jail term a 'sick joke' at the time.
sentence was sent for review to court of appeal after dozens of complaints.
however yesterday three senior judges upheld the original decision.
193	dr pam spurr says that emotional eating can affect many people.
over 90% of diets fail because of emotional eating habits.
dr pam says that these habits are usually formed in early life.
here she gives you tips on how to curb emotional eating.
when someone's upset, hurt or annoyed you, you find it hard to show them how you feel.
more...
'it was the biggest mistake of my life': teen tells of remorse over abusing younger girl when he was 14 as nspcc warns pornography is turning children into sexual predators.
could this laser zap sweaty armpits forever? mother-of-one has new treatment to cure her constant perspiration.
'i was humiliated by fat photos from my best friend's wedding': woman drops six dress sizes - going from 18st to 12st 5lb -  after being spurred into action by snaps.
'it was the biggest mistake of my life': teen tells of remorse over abusing younger girl when he was 14 as nspcc warns pornography is turning children into sexual predators.
could this laser zap sweaty armpits forever? mother-of-one has new treatment to cure her constant perspiration.
'i was humiliated by fat photos from my best friend's wedding': woman drops six dress sizes - going from 18st to 12st 5lb -  after being spurred into action by snaps.
alternatively you beat yourself up for flying off the handle and/or saying things you regret when someone/something upsets you.
if you feel neglected by a partner, family or friends, you worry about setting things straight.
when you feel insecure and lacking in confidence you find it difficult to ask for comfort - or to comfort yourself.
at work you might feel overlooked, never listened to, or taken advantage of but you don't want to rock the boat by raising this.
you're overly stressed trying to cope with everything but haven't a clue where to start to make life a bit easier.
you get bored and don't know how to get out of the boredom-trap while you fret that life's passing you by.
you keep favourite comfort food or snacks readily available to soothe yourself with.
194	maria miller and chris grayling backing plans to water down law.
mp andrew bridgen says non-payment should be treated like parking ticket.
around 180,000 people ended up in court last year with 70 going to jail.
195	steve white said forces are not sending out officers 'as they once would'
he said claims crime is falling is only due to offences falling below radar.
mr white also branded sir tom winsor's comments 'disgustingly offensive'
sir tom said police should pursue offences 'that matter most to people'
196	ghaffar hussain: we need to confront extreme islamist narratives.
preacher abu hamza, found guilty this week on terror charges, renowned for radicalization.
undermine radicals by offering a stronger worldview, says hussain.
197	england under 21 goalkeeper wants to gain more game time.
derby county are tipped for promotion from the championship.
mark hughes has a 31-day recall option on butland.
stoke defender andy wilkinson is off to millwall on a 93-day loan.
198	maria cardona says obama's committment to environment resonates wtih latinos.
she says jobs and clean energy are linked for latinos, whose unemployment is high.
she says pollution important issue to latino mothers, who often live in poor communities.
cardona: ask yourself: which politicians are protecting the environment and public health?
199	witness said breivik produced 'cries of joy' as he shot 69 people, trial hears.
youth camp survivors give terrifying accounts of panicked attempts to hide.
'there was a feeling of hopelessness. nobody could do anything', says one.
court earlier rejects breivik's request to question them on the stand himself.
200	maria sharapova to meet wimbledon champion petra kvitova in french open semis.
sharapova defeats kaia kanepi in straight sets to take her place in the final four.
kvitova wins hard-fought clash with qualifier yaroslava shvedova 3-6 6-2 6-4.
the other semifinal is between no. 6 seed samantha stosur and italian sara errani.
201	josh fattal and shane bauer have been held as spies for more than two years.
muslim american and christian leaders are returning from iran, group says.
the group was in iran at the invitation of president mahmoud ahmadinejad.
202	martin gilbert, 48, made vocal apology in june after 30-year life of crime.
'i want to say sorry to everyone,' he declared. 'i didn't think of the victims'
but he raided five homes and church in newcastle just before christmas.
some of the victims had their jewellery stolen and were in their 80s.
gilbert warned jail is inevitable after he admitted six counts of burglary.
203	jeffs' nephew tells jurors he was abused by his uncle at age five.
news comes after shocking pictures showed jeffs kissing two child brides.
jeffs walked out of court in protest demanding to be set free after sentencing.
psychologist tells court cult leader groomed children like a 'paedophile'
former member tells court how public sex sessions were set up.
204	police found packages of cannabis hidden in the crowns of the straw hats.
nearly 50 kilos of it was headed for chicago before officers got a tip-off.
traffickers used coffee and cinnamon to hide the drugs from sniffer dogs.
205	report: israeli soldiers said palestinian civilians were killed intentionally.
the accusation pertains to israel's attack on gaza earlier this past winter.
israel defense forces has said it is investigating the claims.
206	one video shows a fort lauderdale officer slapping a homeless man during arrest.
another shows a broward sheriff's deputy dragging a woman by her ankle restraints.
one officer is on paid leave, the other is on restricted duty as investigations underway.
207	melbourne woman's death on december 2, 2010 has been ruled as accidental.
her body was discovered at the bottom of her luxury apartment building.
police initially thought ms handsjuk had committed suicide.
she suffered a 'catastrophic severance injury' to her lower right leg.
family fought for a coronial inquest because they didn't believe it was true.
ms handsjuk suffered depression but did not 'intend to kill herself'
208	at-home startups prove commercial facilities aren't required for success.
outkast, google, microsoft, spanx and other famous names started in homes.
paula deen's kitchen bag-lunch operation led to her media empire.
209	dani osvaldo wanted by boca juniors, who have been watching the striker.
inter milan have an option to make the deal permanent after his loan.
southampton paid £12.6million for osvaldo but he will not return there.
210	a senior official at the great barrier reef marine park authority says dumping more dredge would put extra pressure on the reef.
the authority approved plans in january to dump 3 million cubic metres of dredge spoil at the reef to expand queensland's abbot point coal port.
it's a decision that shouldn't have been made, according to scientists.
federal environment minister greg hunt has vowed to stop future dredge spoil at the marine park.
211	ebola, isis and immigration were all features of a debate that turned on fear.
jeanne shaheen said scott brown was "fear-mongering"
brown called his fears rational.
212	texas a&m will expand their stadium to a capacity of 102,500.
the university football team will use the off-season to build new stand.
an estimated 5,000 people watched the explosion from a parking lot.
213	owasso city councillor chris kelley, 34, and paul kropp, 46, only met a couple of times but kelley gave kropp his kidney and saved his life.
'words can’t describe what he’s done for me...he’s given me life,' said kropp as he held back tears.
'i just felt moved to do something,’ said kelley of his urge to do a kind deed and described himself as a spiritual man.
214	the economy of thailand is losing steam as protests grow increasingly violent.
once the darling of foreign investors, there is now a massive sell-off of thai shares.
downtown bangkok businesses are estimated to be losing a total of $6 million a day.
215	stephanie houghton has scored in each of gb's three olympic women's football matches.
216	raheem sterling scored two goals against bournemouth on wednesday.
liverpool now meet chelsea in the semi-finals of the capital one cup.
sterling had endured a 21-game goal drought for both club and country.
217	broadcaster says southwold, suffolk should keep its 'harmony'
campaigners lose latest round of battle to keep out costa.
218	college student told authorities she took the device from child's backpack.
kelsey salie was arrested after selling the device on facebook for $200.
buyer contacted the child's parents after finding their details when ipad was activated.
219	realistic silicone love dolls sell for upwards of £1,000 and can reach £33,000 for specialist models.
silicone models often have a metal or pvc skeleton and can have interchangeable faces to alter their 'moods'
other owners prefer softer 'teddy babes' which have velour skin and are used for cuddling up to.
dolls and their owners were photographed by copenhagen-based benita marcussen.
the photojournalist spent nearly a year gaining the trust of her subjects after meeting them online.
220	the president lays a wreath at the korean war veterans memorial.
family members with ties to both u.s. and korean troops are on hand.
"no veteran should ever be overlooked," he says.
221	jade jacob-brooks won recognition after 4 1/2 year legal battle.
she now wants to follow dream to go to america- and get her first real tan.
even when she appealed to queen, she was told: 'it's not a human rights issue'
222	many kangaroo joeys have been left injured and orphaned by the bushfires.
the fires recently swept across parts of south australia and victoria.
the international fund for animal welfare has launched project pouch.
it asks supporters to sew cotton pouches to care for the joeys in.
this comes of the back of the success collecting mittens for burnt koalas.
223	the annual exercise involves about 530,000 troops.
the united states calls the maneuvers "defense-oriented"
224	the trainer crashed when its undercarriage failed to come down as the plane approached the runway.
raf tucano fleet grounded while investigation takes place.
225	hales has been given chance to claim a world cup place.
he is only englishman to score an international t20 century.
england will play five 50-over matches against india.
hales, 25, is in superb form for nottinghamshire.
226	despite 234,000 unemployed people in scotland, farmer mark clark can't find people to do the back-breaking work.
delay in picking flowers will cost him £300,000 in lost revenue.
227	experts claim presents worth £600m are being returned after christmas.
the peak is said to be the first thursday after the big day - which is today.
despite it being new year's day, many shops are open long hours.
online shops set to be particularly hit and 'could be underprepared'
228	first outlet opened in ho chi minh city in february.
customer numbers have 'far exceeded expectations'
fast food fans munched through 61,980 big macs in the first month.
franchise is owned by the prime minister's son-in-law.
229	wisconsin gov. scott walker has tapped a national political strategist to serve as his campaign manager should he decide to run for president.
rick wiley is a former republican national committee political director and veteran of multiple presidential campaigns.
230	a ship carrying about 300 people and tons of merchandise wrecks in the congo river.
since friday, authorities have confirmed nine dead and about 200 survivors.
about 100 people who had been aboard the ship are still believed to be missing.
231	the nine missing episodes were discovered in a tv station store room.
die-hard science fiction fans will be delighted at the unusual find.
two story arcs on canisters -the enemy of the world and the web of fear.
there are said to be dozens of missing episodes dating back to the 1960s.
232	lake mead on colorado river in nevada expected fall to about 1,080 feet above sea level this week.
it's the lowest level since the man made lake was filled in 1937.
federal water experts say it won't trigger water restrictions for 40m people dependent on it.
233	spartacus was a 3-year-old belgian malinois at the woodstock police department.
the k-9 was cross-trained in drug detection, tracking and apprehension, police say.
authorities are not identifying spartacus' handler.
the handler has been placed on administrative leave, authorities say.
234	the new library of birmingham building, featuring a glass elevator and rotunda, shortlisted for design prize.
skyscraper the shard also nominated, with judges describing it as a breathtaking addition to the capital's skyline.
london aquatic centre - scene of the 2012 olympics swimming events - also praised for conceptual brilliance.
235	duchess, a 43-year-old asian elephant, only has.
the one eye left.
she had been able to do little more than distinguish between light and dark for years.
put under by.
anaesthetists for around three hours while the.
delicate operation was carried out.
seems to be recovering well and was tenderly rubbing the sore eye with her trunk.
236	new: iraq to ask justice department to appeal decision dismissing charges.
security guards in 2007 shootings "committed murder," official says.
judge found that men's statements were wrongly used against them.
"what happened is disregard for iraqi blood," victim says.
237	the £200,000 ferrari 458 spider became stuck in sand on a cornwall beach.
its top speed is 200mph and it can go from 0-60mph in just three seconds.
supercar was actually taking part in fashion shoot for ferrari magazine.
ferrari had to be pulled to safety by tractor but was left totally undamaged.
238	rory mcilroy wins australian open by one shot.
overhauls overnight leader adam scott.
scott misses out on australian 'triple crown'
first victory of 2013 for mcilroy.
239	sailors had complained the short hair requirements didn't properly prepare them for service, where longer hair is allowed.
the navy is the only remaining branch of  u.s. armed services that requires short hair.
new three-month trial allows women to keep their longer so long as it keeps with the grooming policy, such as keeping it in a tight bun.
240	overhaul of 4,000-year-old monument cost $44 million and was delayed for decades.
visitor center opens days before druids and pagans descend for winter solstice.
reconstructed neolithic head looks, to at least one observer, weirdly like "big lebowski" film star.
was it ufos? origins of stonehenge remain a mystery.
241	siegel+gale surveyed more than 12,000 customers in eight countries.
budget airline second only to insurance firm axa in rankings.
simplicity index ranks brands for products, services, interactions and communications.
michael o'leary hits back: 'then why are we the biggest airline?'
242	scientists from the loyola university chicago stritch school of medicine studied 1,021 men with an average age of 71 who had survived cancer.
they found men who beat cancer and who burned more than 12,6000 kilojoules a week exercising, almost halved their risk of death.
cancer survivors are living longer because of early diagnosis and better treatment - as well as exercise.
243	mark wootton survived hit-and-run crash on m6 but suffered broken back.
he was helping stricken motorist when knocked by lorry in birmingham.
terence poolman, 69, admits causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
244	china sent mission to the moon from the southwestern xichang satellite launch centre.
spacecraft is flying around the moon on an eight-day mission.
it is intended to be a precursor to a mission to the lunar surface in 2017.
this will return samples back to earth - only the third nation to do so after the us and russia.
china also has plans to land people on the moon, possibly beyond 2020.
245	bowl and porcelain figure taken from durham university's oriental museum.
lee wildman, 35, and adrian stanton, 32, admitted conspiracy to burgle.
both deny smashing a wall and stealing the valuable items.
246	nikole ardeno and emanuel velez, 30, 'kicked joshua magraff in the street at 4.30 pm tuesday as he was unconscious, having seizures, vomiting blood'
they were 'wearing stop the violence t-shirts', had just come from protest.
the defendants accused magraff of burglarizing their pittsburgh apartment.
police say magraff, their former roommate, had gone to retrieve his things.
247	around 40 hondurans were loaded into planes in roswell, new mexico and flown to san pedro sula.
more will soon be sent back to honduras, guatemala and el salvador.
the deported immigrants are part of the nearly 82,000 migrants from central america who have already been returned this fiscal year.
the artesia, new mexico center was opened as an emergency overflow facility as immigrants have flooded the borders.
248	nearly 80% believe the white house has covered up the existence of aliens.
249	cuba says it will allow athletes to play professionally abroad.
before, cuban athletes were not allowed to go pro.
it could allow for big paydays for some, but challenges may prevent that.
250	new virus belongs to the phlebovirus family which contains about 70 members.
closest cousin is sfts virus, which was identified last year in china.
'heartland virus' causes fatigue, high fever, diarrhea and loss of appetite.
may cause memory problems and persistent headaches.
two elderly farmers from northwestern missouri contracted new virus after being bitten by ticks.
lone star tick suspected of being the host of 'heartland virus'
251	north yorkshire community of knipe point - 500ft above sea level - has suffered landslides since 2008.
but new papers have revealed the latest.
slip has been partially blamed on.
mccain's, the frozen food manufacturer.
it is believed leaks from a burst pipe are seeping 'oil and grease' into the land.
252	police hunting racist chelsea supporters released images of three men.
all three have been identified and london police and liaising with french.
incident took place at richelieu-drouot metro station in paris  on tuesday.
black man pushed off train and chelsea supporters chanted racist song.
chelsea boss josé mourinho has been left 'ashamed' of video footage.
253	rainfall could reach 30 inches in some areas, forecast says.
airboats help rescue people in flooded homes in st. lucie county.
kennedy space center will remain closed for a second day.
track fay with cnn's hurricane tracker.
254	road signs in praia da luz have been altered to read 'stop mccann circus'
the graffiti has appeared in the portuguese resort where madeleine vanished.
some locals are worried that the british police probe will affect tourism.
255	up to 4,000 travelling scotland football fans transform london landmark.
but their team lost 3-2 to england in friendly match at wembley stadium.
sprawling crowd gathered at the base of nelson's column ahead of game.
scots were brandishing inflatable swords, saltire flags and ginger wigs.
drunken man arrested at trafalgar square for dancing naked in fountain.
256	jean léonard teganya, 42, is wanted for deportation for violating human rights related to rwandan genocide in the 1990s.
he was turned over to u.s. immigration and customs enforcement's office of enforcement and removal operations.
257	thousands of people evacuated from base of mayon volcano in philippines.
scientists warn that the volcano is about to explode.
the volcano has already erupted 49 times since 1616.
audible booming and rumbling sounds first heard sunday.
258	each mouthful of the 3in by 3in dessert cost around £800 and it took just 15 minutes to devour.
styled like a faberge egg it was made of gold, champagne caviar and a diamond.
259	emily castro said she went to elementary school with victim amanda berry and knew gina dejesus.
she said she felt  her father 'used her' to get to the girls.
first female police officer who broke into castro's house said michelle knight grabbed her and begged her not to let go of her.
260	darrell west: negative attacks have long history in u.s. politics.
this year's ads have hit new lows for distorting the truth, west says.
ads against mccain and obama have twisted their words, he says.
west: voters should use fact-checking resources in media and on the web.
261	first came the cronut, then the greggsnut, the duffin - now the yumdough.
the yumdough is part yum yum, part doughnut.
comes in choc and orange, lemon, butterscotch and raspberry and vanilla.
arriving today, yumdoughs will be sold in 40 waitrose branches for £1.49.
262	ashleigh cox died after she was caught in an avalanche in utah on february 8 and stuck beneath snow for at least 20 minutes.
911 records show a witness called dispatchers - who failed to alert the fire department that was nearest to the scene.
when the fire department were paged by another team 10 minutes later, the dispatcher said 'it was up to them' if they wanted to go.
fire chief says the delay could have cost cox precious oxygen.
a review into the tragedy is now underway, officials said.
263	the local authority has to cut back on £125million over the next three years.
it is also struggling to increase recycling by 58 per cent to hit 2015 target.
recyclable material would continue to be picked up once a week.
local government secretary eric pickles blasted the proposal as 'barmy'
264	presidents of colombia, mexico, guatemala, panama to meet friday in panama.
they will discuss ways of countering growing violence and drug-trafficking.
drug-fueled violence reached record levels in mexico last year, with 5,400 slayings.
instability caused by crime in mexico could threaten u.s. which shares a border.
265	time of my life scene in romantic classic tops poll of best dance moments.
patrick swazye and jennifer grey moment received a quarter of the votes.
closely followed by the title track from 'singin' in the rain' with 23 per cent.
266	2008 cnn hero of the year is liz mccartney of st. bernard parish, louisiana.
grammy winners christine aguilera, alicia keys and john legend perform.
the show honors the top 10 cnn heroes as selected by a distinguished panel.
it airs globally at 9 p.m. et november 27 (0200 gmt november 28)
267	manchester utd beat wigan 4-0 to stay seven points clear in epl.
second placed manchester city ease past stoke to keep pace.
tottenham back into third spot with 3-1 home win over reading.
arsenal held at southampton in late kick off on new year's day.
268	since world war ii, two-thirds of our orchards have been dug up.
sales of apples have fallen by 6.3 per cent over the last year.
269	new: a relative says victims' "ability to make rational decisions was taken away"
james arthur ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter.
his attorneys maintain the deaths were accidental.
prosecutors say ray heated the lodge to dangerous temperatures.
270	nine biggs whales - famed for eating mammals - chase dozens of dolphins.
tourists film it thinking it's dolphins playing in nanaimo, canada, water.
families left horrified as photos and videos show blood-soaked waves.
271	case part of parental custody dispute.
father converted to judaism after splitting with wife.
father wanted son to convert after getting custody.
russian orthodox mother says son doesn't want procedure.
272	rose fayne and her brother rodney cleveland, of memphis, have been charged with elder abuse and neglect.
arrested over the death of their mother, betty cleveland, 77.
the woman was found with injuries so bad wounds on her legs had burst open and were rotting from the inside out.
she later died in hospital.
273	think-tank open europe is publishing a list of the 100 most costly eu regulations to the uk economy according government data.
they found that the cost to the uk of £27.4bn - more than the total revenue gained from council tax.
and in 24 cases the government’s own impact assessment finds estimated costs outweigh the estimated benefits.
274	the playful gelada baboons are some of africa's most sociable monkeys.
they wake up before daybreak and climb to the highest vantage point they can find.
photographer simone sbaraglia spent three weeks following a group to earn their trust.
275	grievers outside carter funeral chapels in chicago.
police found 'door off hinges and no power/heating'
searched home after responding to late night call.
276	operation finally home builds custom homes for wounded u.s. veterans.
actor and iraq war veteran j.r. martinez is closely involved with the nonprofit.
martinez: i know the mental, physical struggles these veterans are dealing with.
277	reports say iphone app posted nude photo of 15-year-old girl.
apple approves mobile phone applications before posting them.
some say it is impossible for apple to filter out all objectionable material.
legal expert: apple and developers unlikely to be held liable for user-posted content.
278	schalke defeat inter milan 2-1 to reach the semifinals of the champions league.
the victory puts the bundesliga side into the last four 7-3 on aggregate.
spanish striker raul gonzalez scores his 71st champions league goal on wednesday.
schalke will now face manchester united for a place in the final next month.
279	american billionaire claims windfarm will ruin the view from his golf resort.
he compares the decision to the release of lockerbie bomber al-megrahi.
fumes at alex salmond's 'obsession with obsolete wind technology'
280	patrick cannon allegedly accepted bribes from undercover fbi agents in exchange for access to city planning officials.
the mayor also reportedly took over $12,000 for seed money to start a company called 'hers'
281	the 28-year-old experienced jetskier stayed on his vessel overnight.
he was found by friends at 6.40am on boxing day on lake hume on the victorian/nsw border.
police said he was not injured and is in good spirits.
282	2,500 people living within 1,000 yards of the explosive ordered to evacuate.
unknown whether bomb is american or british as both forces used payload.
fears complex fuse may trigger repeat of 2010 blast that killed three experts.
unexploded bomb is one of 2,500 estimated to be buried in munich.
unusual to find bomb in such an heavily populated area.
283	adam sobel: we've seen coldest weather in about 20 years in much of the u.s.
he says the fluctuations of normal winter weather patterns are to blame.
sobel: the effects of global warming are seen in more frequent high temperatures.
global warming is real and serious, but it's more gradual than seasonal shifts in climate, he says.
284	new ct scans help researchers "undress" a mummy virtually.
the british museum uses the same software employed by car companies to make 3-d models.
researchers can now approximate a mummy's age, cause of death and general health.
285	high rice intake or high gi intake associated with good sleep, study found.
but eating a lot of noodles or pasta led to a bad night's sleep.
bread consumption had no effect on slumber, said japanese researchers.
foods with high gi release sugar into the blood more quickly.
also help more sleep-inducing tryptophan and melatonin enter the brain.
286	iran producing critically acclaimed work amid renewed passion for film.
films offer rare glimpse of cultural, individual diversity in country.
vbs travels to film festival in tehran to meet top directors, actors.
287	city to remove nearly all bus lanes after study found they are not working.
mayor joe anderson wants to ensure travel is quick through city for all.
opposition to lanes from motorists has been strong for many years.
now aims to get traffic moving by cracking down on illegally parked cars.
288	vladimir luxuria, europe's first transgender mp, detained at olympic site.
arrests yesterday were 'brutal and aggressive', activist friends claim.
italian government forced to negotiate to free popular tv personality.
289	deviantart user oceanstarlet aka meridith viguet has figured out the key creating the perfect princess face and body.
'ginormous' eyes are important, as are a lack of a waist and ‘absolute-positive-lutely tiny’ feet.
290	tanya vasileva looked after gertrude stanley in hampstead, london.
mrs stanley fled vienna just before the start of the second world war.
she lived in london with her husband before his death in 1994.
mrs stanley met miss vasileva in a supermarket where she worked.
miss vasileva cared part-time for the widow in 2005 until her death in 2009.
an 'heir hunter' who appears on the bbc traced two cousins of mrs stanley.
however, a judge has ruled mrs stanley did promise the flat to her carer.
291	obesity spreading across india as a result of western food invasion.
indian fast food market worth £7bn - expected to double by 2016.
doctors fitting gastric bands on children as young as 13.
as a result of the obesity epidemic the country also has diabetes epidemic.
india already has largest diabetes population in world: 50m sufferers.
medical professionals expect it to reach 100m soon.
indians are more genetically predisposed to developing diabetes.
documentary india's supersize kids on bbc iplayer now.
292	nicholas overton, 35, had been branded a 'significant risk to the public'
locked away for 18 years for a string of raids in 2006.
seven years into sentence, overton was allowed out for the day from hmp thorn cross in warrington to complete a work placement in chester.
disappeared with the £1,500 takings and went on a knifepoint robbery spree across the county plus neighbouring staffordshire.
recaptured in a dawn swoop in crewe after being at large for 28 days.
admitted three robberies and asked for six other raids to be considered.
will be sentenced october 28 following pre sentence reports.
293	a film crew came on to the pitch at half time during match again west brom.
everton fans will feature in new rocky film 'creed' with sylvester stallone.
evertonian boxer tony bellew will star alongside stallone in the movie.
294	potential australian youth climate coalition billboard criticised as 'comparing paedophilia with hardworking coal mining australians'
the billboard featured an image of a young girl with large, adult hands on her face.
the sign was one of many options to be displayed at brisbane airport for g20 leaders when they arrive next month.
aycc removed the billboard from its facebook page after backlash.
295	richard beasley, 53, to be sentenced on tuesday for the death of three men and attempted murder of a fourth.
his mother testified of her son having had a rough childhood including physical and sexual abuse in a last bid to save him from the death penalty.
beasley hung his head without moving as victims' families cried, smiled and hugged.
296	the great war in portraits opens next month at the national portrait gallery.
includes a mixture of paintings and photos charting human side of the war.
also reveals stories of some of the women who participated on both sides.
297	us giant viacom claims that 42 million people a month view channel five.
deal represents a £100 million profit for former owner richard desmond.
sale must receive regulatory approval before it can proceed.
298	new: qwest communications worker contacted police about bag, sources say.
sheriff's office: ammo in bag "matches the type used in the incident"
bag's other contents suggest gunman's movements before shooting, sheriff's office says.
the bag believed to jared lee loughner's was transferred to fbi custody for further analysis.
299	msnbc host krystal ball didn't appear to realize she was being pranked and asked the caller to elaborate.
it appears the same man was responsible for a prank call during christopher dorner manhunt in 2013.
300	scientists discovered tectonic plates hidden deep within earth's mantle.
could rewrite 40 years of history of evolution.
of western north america.
301	mikael halvarsson cleared after experts said he had no memory of incident.
he had been convicted after a woman called police to report an assault.
but he was acquitted after appeal court heard attack may have been result of sexsomnia.
previous girlfriend testifies that he had tried to have sex with her while she slept and that he acted confused when she stopped him.
people with sexsomnia engage in sexual behaviour while asleep and have no memory of what happened.
302	chart shows how a white christmas has changed over time.
more white christmases between 1990 to 2013 than between 1966 to 1989.
303	christine svenningsen, 56, who has a $250million estate from her late first husband, is suing a groundskeeping firm owned by her second husband.
the alleged fraud only claim to light in march when after ms svenningsen, of westchester, had divorced john chiarella after three years of marriage.
svenningsen, who has five biological children, adopted a girl with special needs from china in 1996.
the little girl, named emily, was given up for adoption when she was eight years old before svenningsen tried to cut her out of the family fortune.
emily has since been readopted and a court blocked svenningsen's bid.
svenningsen also adopted a boy from china and later gave the child up for re-adoption.
304	kathleen gummer, 76, arrived at a packed queen elizabeth hospital, woolwich, south london, at around 6pm on january 20.
but she was still in a&e the following lunchtime as wards were full.
hospital was swamped with patients suffering norovirus and effects of winter weather.
305	melissa arroja took to social media to vent about the pearce incident.
shared photos on facebook of the yellow dress she was wearing and complained of having a 'stressful day'
cctv footage showed pearce approaching her in sydney's king's cross.
nrl player said there was no 'inappropriate interaction' as ms arroja  declined to press charges.
306	missouri church attended by michael brown's father family was one of a dozen or so buildings burned to the ground during monday night's protests.
while the majority of buildings destroyed were in downtown ferguson, the flood christian church is located some three miles away.
pastor carlton lee said he believes that white supremacists rather than protesters were to blame for the destruction.
'i'm very vocal in regards to the michael brown case,' said lee, who claims to have received 71 death threats.
307	firemen taking patients to a&e due to overstretched ambulance staff.
engines being turned into makeshift ambulances despite basic equipment.
unions say the practice is becoming more common due to nhs pressure.
seven hospitals remain on a status of 'major incident' as they struggled to cope with patients.
308	a source says that a deal between armani and the government is at an 'advanced stage'
the hotel will have up to 100 rooms costing £600,000 each to convert.
it follows the fashion house's success with hotels in dubai and milan.
309	qpr defender rio ferdinand revealed he loved reality tv.
but former manchester untied man said he didn't want to be on it.
ferdinand said he would never go on strictly come dancing.
but 35-year-old would consider something like rio's world cup wind-ups.
310	symons has improved fulham's results since taking over in temporary role.
he has four wins from seven  since stepping in after felix magath sacking.
a draw against charlton would lift them out of the relegation zone.
311	toronto's mayor has been dogged by drug allegations, has lost much of his power.
new court docs say that he had interactions with targets of a probe into organized crime.
one target said ford had made an offer "in exchange for a video," according to police.
a man claimed "ford was smoking rocks," police say of an intercepted phone call.
312	new: man delivered note that mentions "will & testament," "2 crime scenes"
bomb threat cost resort town millions on one of the busiest nights of the year.
body of james blanning, 72, and weapons found in car east of aspen.
two bombs left on sled in alley likely intended for other banks, police said.
313	coroner feared max witkowski may have had a one-off 'psychotic episode' which made him jump from the university window for no obvious reason.
314	cheap property prices in scotland mean even sprawling mansions would not be hit by labour's planned charge.
online searches show historic castles with swimming pools and tennis courts in their grounds would avoid levy.
but in london, where property prices are notoriously high, even two-bedroom apartments will face the tax.
labour mps from the capital have hit out at the party's scottish leader over claims he'll use the money for the nhs.
315	lz granderson says he's been repeatedly stopped, hassled by police for no good reason.
he says trayvon martin's shooting shows similar injustice.
he says it has echoes of how police handled amadou diallo case, rodney king, sean bell.
lz:  cover ups, lax investigations show black people why they can't trust police.
316	isis militants filmed the massive explosion in mosul, north western  iraq.
donning balaclavas and black clothing, they swung weapons into tombs.
one grave belonged to prophet jonah, revered by muslims and christians.
rebels believe special veneration of tombs is against teachings of islam.
comes as more than 50 bodies have been found in city south of baghdad.
most of the bodies were blindfolded with gunshot wounds, said authorities.
investigation is underway to establish the circumstances of the killings.
317	"it just doesn't wash," foreman tells abc.
"we couldn't allow ourselves to be emotional," william zervakos says.
he says travis alexander abused jodi arias.
"is that an excuse? of course not," he says.
318	tracy morgan has been moved from hospital to a rehabilitation facility.
he was seriously injured in an auto accident two weeks ago.
his friend james mcnair was killed in the crash.
comedian ardie fuqua, of jersey city, remains in critical condition.
morgan's assistant jeffrey millia's condition has been upgraded from serious to fair.
walmart driver kevin roper, 35, has been charged for the accident.
319	uss gerald r. ford will cost $13billion when finished.
carrier will be equipped to launch 220 airstrikes per day.
ship holds 4,000 sailors and marines and is virtually invisible to enemy radar.
project faces criticism after becoming beset by delays and cost overruns.
navy plans to buy another three carriers, at a cost of $43 billion.
320	unsettled weather, scattered showers and cloud will sweep across britain by saturday.
some regions may be hit by localised flooding from saturday evening into sunday.
british fruit growers are celebrating the sweetest tasting blueberries in a generation thanks to the recent heatwave.
police have named the man who died after getting into trouble in a reservoir in cumbria as muhammad bilal bhaty.
321	eight-month-old cub is seen following its mum around rocky edges of river.
photos were taken at the great bear rainforest, british columbia, canada.
white - or 'spirit' - bears are thought to have a population of less than 1,000.
322	rajedmiah miah approached the teenager and offered to help her get home.
but he pushed the girl, who was so drunk she was vomiting, into a taxi.
he took her to his home where he locked his bedroom door and raped her.
it was the first time the girl had been allowed out in newcastle city centre.
girl had separated from her friends and was so drunk she was being sick.
miah, of elswick, was jailed for six years at newcastle crown court.
323	cristiano ronaldo ruled out for the next three weeks due to a hamstring problem.
real madrid star will miss international matches and possibly a champions league tie.
villarreal claim third place in spain after winning 1-0 against athletic bilbao.
valencia drop to fourth on goal difference after losing by same score at home to sevilla.
324	trinity is a portable wind turbine that can charge usb devices.
created by american electricians einar agustsson and agust agustsson.
the power station folds into a 12-inch cylinder when not in use.
when unfolded, blades are used to catch the wind and charge the station.
usb devices like smartphones can then be plugged in and charged.
325	pleasure vessel burst into flames on river ouse estuary at 8am today.
scene watched by couple from home near blacktoft, east yorkshire.
rnli crew raced to the scene and a man and a woman were rescued.
the entire top of the boat melted before it sank in less than an hour.
326	four days later, reeva would be dead and pistorius accused of her murder.
friend christo menelaou said: 'he was tickling her. they were best friends'
says the paralympian has grown thick beard and cries a lot saying 'i'm sorry'
comes as pistorius' brother carl appears in court charged with homicide.
327	firm's picture of ch bulmer turned out to be a photo of hugh price-hughes.
a methodist clergyman, price-hughes was dedicated to helping alcoholics.
bulmers' owner heineken to apologise with donation to methodist church.
328	final was as tense as it was confusing.
appeared to be a two horse race between ruby and kimberley.
frances was criticisied throughout for her 'style over substance'
329	experts at a loss to explain why joanna bull's car ploughed in to a lorry.
29-year-old died at the scene but her five-week-old baby escaped unharmed.
the tragedy happened on the m40 at the junction for bicester in oxfordshire.
witnesses told inquest mrs bull appeared to make no attempt to stop or avoid collision with hgv.
but the reasons behind the accident remain a mystery, an inquest was told.
coroner says it is 'almost impossible to speculate' over cause of the tragedy.
330	gerrard describes 'cruel' slip that allowed demba ba to score for chelsea at anfield as 'worst day of his life'
2-0 defeat at anfield proved pivotal moment as manchester city claimed premier league crown.
gerrard then endured desperately poor world cup campaign with england.
england skipper quit international football after the tournament.
he'll be deployed by brendan rodgers in 'quarterback' role for liverpool next season.
reds currently on pre-season tour of united states and play city next.
331	north korea could try to use the detainees as leverage for nuclear talks.
the regime surprised cnn by presenting the three men for interviews.
all three said they have signed statements admitting guilt.
analyst: north korea may want to use the 3 detainees in a "package deal"
332	enig hui has his camera with him wherever he goes snapping train stations.
he has spent the last six years adding to his collection.
admits that some people find his photographs of stations 'creepy' while other proclaim them 'beautiful'
333	miliband delivered leaflets for michael foot in 1983, the commons is told.
labour's manifesto said britain should withdraw from european community.
david cameron says people should not be judged by their teenage choices.
but pm insists the british people should have a say on leaving the eu.
unite union warns labour risks being 'boxed in' by tories and ukip.
cameron says life listening to ed balls must be a 'miserable existence'
334	london prices soared by 19.1% in the 12 months to july, figures reveal.
in capital properties now cost more than £500,000, according to the ons.
average cost of a home in the uk is now £272,000 - a record high.
office for national statistics said house price inflation is accelerating.
in the year to july prices jumped 11.7% up from the 10.2% recorded in june.
prices for first-time buyers increased by 13.5 per cent over the year.
those looking to buy their first home now need £209,000.
soaring house prices pushing more people into higher stamp duty brackets.
335	john eamer, 29, stood to win tiny amount when he bet on euro 2012 match.
he was charged after police issued cctv images of attack at ladbrokes.
336	fifa confirm it has opened disciplinary proceedings against suarez.
six-person committee could decide striker's fate on wednesday night.
the uruguay striker appeared to bite chiellini during uruguay's 1-0 win.
this is the third time the liverpool striker has been involved in a biting incident during his career.
fifa have the power to ban suarez for up to two years.
uruguay and suarez have until 5pm local time (9pm bst) on wednesday to provide evidence.
fifa confirm case will be discussed by their disciplinary committee after 5pm local time (9pm bst)
337	violent protests continue across kashmir, death toll rises to 20.
thousands join funeral procession for one of the victims.
protesters angry over govt. decision not to transfer land to a hindu shrine.
state govt. revoked transfer after a week of violent protests by muslims.
338	charles youvella died in hospital last night following saturday's football game injury.
250,000 people aged 19 and younger were treated in emergency rooms for concussions in the u.s. in 2009 - an increase from 150,000 in 2001.
youvell scored his team's only touchdown in the game.
339	a truck carrying more than 5,000 chickens crashed in salem, oregon.
peta tried to erect a memorial statue for the chickens.
oregon department of transportation denied the statue.
also? a chicken foot in your pack of breasts.
340	sydney's zaky mallah made the comments on wednesday's the project.
he said teenagers who want to join the group should consider their parents.
mr mallah added: 'i hope asio is onto you' and that is fighters were 'idiots'
comments come after a sydney teenager was seen in is propaganda video.
341	youcef nadarkhani's next scheduled court date is september 8.
he has been sentenced to death for leaving islam.
the house has passed a resolution condemning iran for imprisoning him.
nadarkhani's case has galvanized american christians.
342	rosie, 27, models floral dresses and tailored suits.
also has her own lingerie range for high-street store.
recently unveiled as face of morrocanoil.
has spoke of desires to build a brand from her name.
343	kcna describes obama with racial slurs.
the piece repeatedly likens obama to a monkey.
north korea state media often ridicules state officials, including south korean president.
344	best-selling author plans to give the money raised by 40-piece collection at auction to relatives.
among the collection are a 14-carat diamond ring worth £500,000.
miss taylor bradford admits she no longer wears the expensive jewellery.
345	air ambulance crashes a mile from alpine, texas.
patient, family member, nurses and pilot killed.
officials are investigating the crash.
346	ashley bell, 27, was filmed as he stole thousands of pounds of jewellery.
stole £5,000 brietling watch after breaking into the solihull home.
jailed for four years and nine months after pleading guilty to burglary.
347	reality tv star, 24, face of silk'n glide hair removal device.
visits gym four times a week to stay in shape.
is already a millionaire and plans on expanding brand amy.
348	chicago mayor: "we have a responsibility to see a stop to this"
hadiya pendleton, 15, was shot dead in chicago on tuesday.
last week she performed in events surrounding president obama's inauguration.
"just a matter of days after the happiest day of her life, she's gone," sen. dick durbin says.
349	viagra helped 25 million men with erectile dysfunction and bring awareness.
blue pill considered a huge step in understanding human sexuality, cultural attitudes.
ed indicates other health issues and that blood vessels aren't working well.
viagra isn't a cure-all, some sex problems are indicative of relationship problems.
350	derby manager has faced van gaal on touchline in holland and germany.
backs holland coach to lead man united back to top after poor season.
brought tulips to congratulate van gaal when alkmaar won eredivisie title.
subsequently won 3-0 and qualified for the champions league with twente.
351	ex-da expresses "regret" for micheal morton's "prosecution and incorrect incarceration"
michael morton was wrongly convicted in his wife's murder and served nearly 25 years.
jurors convicted morton, but they weren't allowed to hear all the evidence.
morton's ties with son faded over the years, but they've grown close after his release.
352	nicho white, 43, was involved in an accident on friday in kerobokan.
doctor says 'worst he's seen in terms of possible brain injury'
his melbourne family are trying to raise $100k so he can be medically evacuated to australia.
swimmer klim urged fans to help and called the man his 'dear friend'
353	an exclusive interview with the ruler of dubai and prime minister of the uae.
h.h sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum on the financial crisis.
also, dubai's ruler explains how the emirate created its own niche markets.
354	bee removal expert jonathon simkins was alerted to the ominous mound on a privately-owned hunting ground near tampa.
the nest was six and a half feet tall and eight feet wide and contained more than a million wasps, 1000 times more than the average hive.
simkins filmed the ferocious nest and the video shows them attacking him in his suit.
two days after the extermination the mound is dead.
355	isabella hankey became so anxious she suffered pulmonary embolism.
18-year-old says she suffered 18 months of bullying.
356	i hate it when people mistake me for a child, says 3ft9" mother.
kay broke her first bone on the day she was born.
357	the 2,243-meter (7,359 feet) adam's peak lies amid sri lanka's southern central highlands.
hiking up adam's peak to see the sacred footprint near the summit at sunrise is a popular pilgrimage.
the journey to get there is an ordeal that requires devotion.
358	tara sonenshine: in disasters, the needs of those with disabilities should be in forefront.
she says hurricane katrina, japan and haiti earthquakes demonstrate the problem.
u.n. report says needs of a billion people are not being woven into disaster planning.
359	nathaniel clyne moved from crystal palace to southampton in 2012.
the 23-year-old has impressed for the saints since his transfer.
manchester united are reportedly interested in signing clyne.
the england right-back's current deal expires in summer 2016.
southampton lost 3-2 to crystal palace in the fa cup on saturday.
360	naomi mcclendon, 18, was 'extremely intoxicated' when she slumped over a balcony before falling to her death, police said.
security footage showed her staggering and holding on to railings as she was unable to stand up on her own.
the footage also showed she was on the balcony alone - foul play is not suspected.
residents who witnessed the fall said her body made a 'big clap' sound when she hit the ground.
361	nicolaus wegner, 34, snaps his wife daow, 32, dangerously close to tornadoes, hurricanes and other supercells.
the couple use forecast tools to predict where storms will touch down, though most photos are taken in wyoming.
daow says: 'i'm a little nervous sometimes, but i find the experience exciting and scary at the same time'
362	sergeant gary thompson was with cleveland police until jailed for six years.
he made £90,000 from vat scam but now says he is broke.
363	para-snowboarder matthew robinson passes away following a heart attack.
the australian suffered a cardiac arrest in nairobi, kenya.
robinson was being transported from spain to australia following a crash last week.
he sustained neck and spinal injuries after an accident in catalonia on february 12.
364	arias, 32, accused of stabbing ex-boyfriend travis alexander 'after he told her he wanted to date another woman'
she claims she killed him in self defense after an 'abusive' relationship.
photograph 'was accidentally taken while she dragged his body and shows blood running down his neck'
prosecution paints arias as a 'serial liar' who lied about her whereabouts, her work place, her contact with alexander and her involvement in his death.
365	facebook upsets some with "year in review" option.
the algorithm doesn't distinguish between happy occasions, tragedy.
one man found his late daughter at the center of his scrapbook.
facebook apologized and says it will work on improvement.
366	goldman sachs worker caught on wiretap leaking secrets about apple and intel to raj rajaratnam.
367	up to their chests in snow, police in new hampshire town issue tongue-in-cheek warrant.
"we will certainly take him into custody!" merrimack, new hampshire, police joke.
368	andrew halls says youngsters loive life under 'electronic adjudicator'
head of king's college school, wimbledon warns of body image pressure.
369	the prime minister wanted to make aid pledge legally binding.
proposals would see £1 in every £142 earned in britain spent on foreign aid.
lib dems and labour back the pledge and it is in the coalition agreement.
but cameron has been forced to remove it from queen's speech.
government insists it is still hitting target even if it is not legally binding.
370	sonar shows city of chester standing upright on sea bed.
maritime accident killed 16 on board, including two children.
shipwreck discovered by teams using sonar to check for obstacles before america's cup.
371	couple who attended san pancrazio memorial share their feelings.
armando rendón: to recollect the way they do it is really beautiful.
helen rendón: the children were laughing, running and playing. they were very happy.
372	wildlife emergency services in california were called on to assist the animal.
the raccoon was sedated and shielded from  sparks with wet pillowcases.
rescuers said animal was in remarkably good shape considering its ordeal.
raccoon was released from animal shelter  and galloped off to freedom.
373	the limousine's suspension system suffered a "catastrophic failure"
it created friction between the drive shaft and the floor board, igniting a fire.
five members of a bachelorette party were killed, including bride-to-be neriza fojas.
374	former connecticut state police trooper jeffrey laporto, 43, charged with sexual assault and unlawful restraint.
police found 81-year-old woman with extensive internal injuries in quality inn room in windsor locks, connecticut, friday.
laporto is married and has two young daughters; he is a u.s. navy veteran who served in operations desert storm and desert shield.
suspect's attorney claims there was no dispute between laporto and alleged victim at any point.
375	grammy-winning trumpeter long fought heart disease, spokesman says.
hubbard played with major jazz figures including art blakey and herbie hancock.
hubbard was named a national endowment for the arts jazz master in 2006.
376	daredevil sierra blair-coyle, 20, is the two-time us national champion.
suffered a bulging, torn and herniated disc in her back as a teenager.
blonde model from arizona climbs rock faces and cliffs without ropes.
377	only three people have survived primary amoebic meningoencephalitis.
zachary reyna became ill after playing with friends near florida home.
378	the t-shirts mocking man united were based on 'only fools and horses'
tottenham sold the t-shirts before their capital one cup clash with forest.
spurs play brighton in the next round, man united went out to mk dons.
379	smith's solitary all blacks loss was 38-21 against england in december 2012.
it was also new zealand's only defeat since their 2011 world cup triumph.
the scrum-half says he still uses that pain of defeat to fuel his performances.
new zealand and smith won 30-22 at twickenham last year.
smith is yet to face england on home soil and is relishing opportunity.
380	calls for michele fiore to apologize for comments she made  about rape, concealed weapons and women on college campuses.
on her website, fiore was non-apologetic and reaffirmed her comments.
fiore is the main sponsor of a bill that would allow people with concealed weapons permits to take their firearms onto campuses.
381	former england wicket keeper now plays odis for the country of his birth papua new guinea.
geraint jones kept wicket for england during the 2005 ashes triumph.
the former kent player will captain gloucestershire next season.
382	monet pastel drawing of london's waterloo bridge on display at the savoy hotel.
artist created the picture -- the view from room 618 -- during a stay there in 1901.
he intended to paint the scene in oils, but his supplies were delayed en route from france.
383	asma al-assad, 37, reported to be pregnant by beirut-based newspaper.
mother-of-three rarely seen in public, making claims hard to substantiate.
comes as opposition activists report bodies of at least 65 males executed in a river in aleppo.
384	christopher davies will never be allowed to own dogs again.
first person to be charged by council under animal welfare act.
'this attack was brutal in a public place where children were present'
385	clint eastwood wins a palme d'or for lifetime achievement.
ingmar berman is the only other filmmaker to have received this honor.
eastwood directs and stars in his new film "gran torino"
"dirty harry" star still enjoys playing gun-slinging "tough guys"
386	alfonso ribeiro performed "the carlton" on "dancing with the stars" monday.
the dance is one he used to do on "the fresh prince of bel air"
he doesn't do it often, but he said he loves how it makes people feel.
the routine earned him a perfect score.
387	think tank led by former tory chancellor lord lawson says figures that shape climate change policy are 'biased'
hadcm3, a programme used to predict the effect of carbon dioxide levels, also attacked in report by group.
large sums of money could be 'malinvested' as a result, it is claimed.
hotly disputed by met office, who says they are confident in their figures.
report a 'stunt' by global warming policy foundation, one expert says.
388	hollywood a-list star antonio banderas was shooting a movie in tunisia.
the cast and crew of "black gold" kept working even as protests and clashes increased.
tunisia has been the locale for shots in major movies in recent decades.
films have included "star wars," "the english patient," and "raiders of the lost ark"
389	unusual looking planes are the.
creations of amateur engineers in africa.
aviation-enthusiasts built the crafts despite lack of material, funds or training.
390	sword was among collection of memorabilia that is 'like a shrine' to nelson.
ship sank in 1893 after bungled military maneuver by vice admiral tryon.
391	apryl brown almost died after getting cheap butt injections.
some people are ordering cheap injections online and self-injecting.
fda-approved dermal filler devices are not approved for self-injection.
392	heather cho complained about being served nuts in a bag, not on a dish.
she demanded the removal of the crew chief from the flight in new york.
at the time the plane was taxiing towards the runway at jfk airport.
cho is a former head of in-flight service at the airline, but has resigned.
she is accused of violating aviation security laws, charges she denies.
393	matthew macklin knocked out by jorge sebastian heiland in the 10th round.
birmingham-based irishman was behind on points in middleweight bout.
the 32-year-old was floored by a left-right combination from argentine.
macklin could be nearing retirement after latest loss.
394	man was arrested at lax on friday in international arrivals area.
he was dressed suspiciously and authorities pulled him aside for another inspection.
when they opened his checked bags they found a smoke bomb, knives, other items.
he faces up to five years in prison.
395	research project costing £114m launched by pentagon's research wing.
there is currently no routine effort to salvage and reuse satellite parts.
darpa aims to lower cost of military space missions with new project.
396	theory was unveiled at european congress on obesity in sofia, bulgaria.
dutch researchers put two groups on diets designed for equal weight loss.
one group spent 12 weeks losing the weight, while another just took five.
the rapid losers are thought to pile the pounds back more quickly.
397	democrats edged out republicans 47% to 45% in generic ballot.
60% of americans disapprove of how congress handled the war with isis.
the economy is more important than military action against isis among voters by a 2-1 margin.
398	'my friend cayla' doll syncs with a smartphone and can recognise speech.
questions posed by a child are transposed into text using google software.
doll's ability to surf the web is limited by google’s safesearch technology.
parents can log into an app to block any words they consider unsuitable.
18inch doll, costing £59.99, also encourages role play and dressing up.
399	jack temple: fast-food companies shift costs of their low pay onto taxpayers.
temple: mcdonald's tip line told worker, a mom, to apply for food stamps, medicaid.
low wages at 10 largest fast-food firms cost taxpayers $3.8 billion each year, he says.
temple: it would be a real value to all if fast food workers got higher wages and benefits.
400	new: suleman has 29 embryos she could still use.
medical board says doctor placed a dozen embryos in nadya suleman.
doctor was allegedly "grossly negligent" in treating suleman.
suleman already had six children when she gave birth to octuplets.
401	letters say accounts are being closed following a 'review' but give no other explanation.
several porn actresses have come forward saying it is discrimination because the work they do is legal.
speculation that it is part of an effort by the department of justice called operation choke down.
department have been approaching banks asking them to deny access to people 'who may be breaking the law'
porn star leyton benton said she found out her account had been cut off when her atm card failed.
the adult entertainment industry generated close to $5 billion in revenue  in the u.s. last year.
402	kent hendrix is not only a moron bishop, but also a martial arts instructor.
his son informed him about an incident occurring outside his home on tuesday morning.
using his samurai sword he defended his neighbor who was being attacked by a stalker.
suspect grant eggersten later handed himself into police.
403	abbey road zebra crossing could have lollipop lady to protect music fans.
westminster council said it was concerned about safety at the crossing.
claimed fans are putting themselves at risk by getting in way of drivers.
added buses carrying tourists can also spark chaos by double-parking.
council is currently discussing options to 'manage the busy traffic flow'
crossing made famous after featuring on cover the beatles' 1969 album.
yesterday, hundreds of fans flocked to landmark to mark 45th anniversary.
404	malcolm blackman, 46, thanked the judge after he was discharged.
court heard mr blackman had a 'relationship' with the woman in 2011.
but she said he attacked her twice in her tent at foot of st paul's cathedral.
mr blackman, of weston-super-mare,.
somerset, denied the allegations.
405	zaens pty. ltd receive biggest fine in nsw history against a trucking company.
speeding offences were committed between february 2011 and march 2012.
it is the same company that employed a meth-addict driver that crashed his truck, killing a family of three in sydney's southwest.
406	caroline wozniacki is still looking for her first grand slam.
the world number five split up with rory mcilroy in 2014.
wozniacki recently revealed a stunning picture of her in a swimsuit.
407	liam moore & wes morgan both fit despite pulling out of international duty.
ben hamer back for leicester following finger injury.
steven fletcher available after missing scotland's 3-1 defeat by england.
lee cattermole could also feature for sunderland after returning from ban.
408	student hit police officer with officer's own baton, university says.
university says cpl. christopher carter now on administrative leave.
police: campus officer said robert cameron redus struggled with him.
friends: redus was co-valedictorian of christian high school.
409	apple finally acquires the name "ipad" in china.
chinese authorities didn't recognize a deal apple struck in 2009.
company reportedly pays $60 million to taiwan's shenzhen proview technology.
proview argued apple negotiated as a fake company: ip application development.
410	harry, 20, opened up on itv's this morning.
weighed 7st 7lbs at lowest point.
would hide food in his mouth and 'spill it' into the toilet to avoid eating.
this morning's dr dawn hardper described harry's issue as a 'food phobia'
changed habits two years ago when doctors threatened to admit him.
now a healthy 10 stone and feels more confident and energised.
said would never have had confidence for recent towie comeback in asymmetric thong before putting on weight.
411	chechen president encourages tourists to visit russian region, saying it is safer than england.
foreign office warn against travelling to the turbulent region because of high threat of terrorist activity.
412	ex-england boss to help implement new 3-5-2 with redknapp.
rio ferdinand is set to be deployed as a sweeper in the new system.
hoddle last had premier league manager's job at wolves eight years ago.
steve mcclaren left to take the manager's job at derby county last year.
qpr face hull city at loftus road on the first day of the season.
413	youngjin jung was charged with rape and two counts of indecent assault on friday and released on bail.
was re-arrested on saturday after two more women claimed they had been indecently assaulted.
incidents allegedly happened at ocean beach road at umina beach, nsw.
414	saudi blogger convicted of 'insulting islam' has second round of flogging postponed.
raif badawi was sentenced to 1,000 lashes.
doctors said badawi was too injured to withstand getting more lashes.
415	now in russia, snowden is charged in the united states with espionage.
he says u.s. must change whistle-blower protections before he comes back.
ex-government contractor slams what he calls "indiscriminate mass surveillance"
he says u.s. "can correct the laws, restrain the overreach of agencies"
416	the two men are forced to jump into the irish sea as their fishing vessel sinks.
rescuers from a nearby boat manage to pull the pair to safety after capturing the events on camera.
417	prospectus on three nightclubs in hong kong contain descriptions of nightlife.
document defines terms that may seem obvious to anyone.
clubs defined as establishments with "a dance floor and high-energy music"
418	lord brocket attempted to reclaim valuable family heirlooms.
a team of three removal men took items from his family estate on thursday.
police caught up with the vans on the nearby a1(m) in hertfordshire.
officers forced the crew to return the antiques to brocket hall.
he was forced to lease the stately home when he could not afford maintaining the estate.
419	the saturday-night crime series focuses on the 2012 murder of danielle thomas by her boyfriend, ivy league lawyer jason bohn,.
in new york.
during bohn's trial, it was revealed that.
thomas' phone recorded a four-minute message that includes her screams.
and pleas for her life.
at one point she says, 'jason, i love.
you,' and there are seven seconds of silence - except for a barking dog -.
possibly the moment she was strangled.
thomas died of neck compression and blunt-force trauma and was found in the bathtub full of ice in the couple's queens apartment.
bohn was sentenced to life in prison without parole in april.
420	the father of a three-year-old girl abandoned on saturday at a los angeles shopping mall has contacted police to get his daughter back.
he told police on sunday that he didn't know that his daughter, called audrey, was missing.
audrey had been dropped off with her car seat at the grove shopping center in los angeles, but no one came to pick her up.
children and family services have yet to decide whether to hand audrey back over to her father.
421	prime minister insists he has 'utmost respect' for indian people.
indian high commission said it had 'hundreds' of complaints from viewers.
diplomats demand apology from bbc.
422	elvis presley died of a heart attack in august 1977, aged 42.
dna from his hair offers new theory as to the cause of his death.
scientists found that he was genetically prone to heart muscle disease.
analysis also found 'mutations' causing obesity, glaucoma and migraines.
423	a psychologist from the university of sheffield has revealed tetris appeals to our brain's desire to solve and tidy up mini tasks.
the game is 30 years old today, also known as world tetris day.
previous research suggests that people most like to solve the puzzles by rotating bricks feverishly before placing in the best position.
tetris plays on the 'zeigarnik effect',.
which shows people more easily focus on uncompleted tasks than.
those which they have finished.
424	the average woman will throw away two.
christmas beauty gifts, worth an average £26.36.
one in five admit.
they'll bin 'wrong' gifts that cost friends or relatives £60.
425	diamond lawrence, 25, tried to steal from a wal-mart in dallas.
walked out of the forest lane store but was stopped by an employee.
as she was escorted to the back of the store, she launched an attack.
hit the associate's face and scratched his neck trying to draw blood.
officers say it was a deliberate attempt to expose associate to the virus.
walmart doesn't prosecute for small amounts - so she was only banned.
426	juventus recover from going a goal behind to defeat bologna 4-1 on saturday.
the result lifts juventus to within four points of inter milan at the top of serie a.
filippo inzaghi reaches 300 career goals to help ac milan hammer siena 5-1.
427	julian zelizer: the watergate scandal had a devastating effect on american politics.
we still live in the era of watergate, the scandal still reverberates today.
he says current politics is filled with accusations, scandals with the suffix "gate"
watergate created a climate where americans don't really trust government.
428	danny blanchflower famously said 'the game is about glory' not winning.
there is something trivial in the spectacle of adults playing games.
but at its cleanest and brightest sport generates a sense of wonder.
danny was right, for sport is about style and nerve and grace and glory.
429	pragaret singh, known as charlie, was shot in the chest and abdomen.
thought he grappled with at least one robber while protecting his shop.
the 35-year-old was shot in chest and abdomen at his manchester store.
he was described as a 'family man' with children aged two, five and seven.
greater manchester police are searching for information on a  silver car.
430	kevin pietersen fined for speeding in melbourne, australia.
england batsman had lamborghini laid on for him by spin legend shane warne.
victoria police reportedly fine pietersen three penalty points and $235.
pietersen hit a double hundred as england won second test in the ashes series.
431	stoke summer signing bojan gets himself on the scoresheet at ewood park.
bojan's goal cancelled out blackburn striker jordan rhodes' opener.
stoke have two more pre-season friendlies before they take on aston villa.
432	more than 2,000 demonstrators calling for government to prioritise health.
first in a series of protests planned against football tournament.
world cup set to start this june in stadiums across the country.
433	chris heaton-harris has said that he will help father of two ian taylor, 53.
mr taylor objects to the parking signs on grounds of sexual equality.
he has complained to district council and car park operators to no avail.
434	louis kefferty, aged 20, died after his red vauxhall astra hit a roadside tree.
heartbroken teenager lauren white was left with only the gift of a ring.
miss white told how the pair had ‘the best relationship’
435	new: supreme leader ayatollah khamenei urges iranians to stand behind republic.
thousands of ahmadinejad supporters crowd streets of central tehran.
supporters backing mir hossein moussavi protest for fourth day elsewhere in city.
iran's election authority to recount disputed votes in presidential election.
436	the infant was found to have a broken neck and severe damage to spine.
father, 20, was condemned for 'diabolical' assaults by high court judge.
the man, who has been jailed for 12 years, admitted: 'i am a monster'
however, he will not be identified until he is released from prison.
437	canadian power firm nexen dressed more than 540 employees as batman.
the superhero-themed charity event got the company into the record books.
the firm already holds the guinness world record for the most supermans.
employees had to wear full batman outfits and stand together for 5 minutes.
an adjudicator from guinness world records verified the record attempt.
438	hit dish features caviar worth $820 with sliced lobster, salmon and wasabi paste.
canadian $450 pizza with lobster and caviar has proved less successful with just one order so far.
world's most expensive pizza featuring edible gold leaf sold in europe for $2,380.
439	rep. michele bachmann, r-minnesota, touted moses, the "in god we trust" motto and the ten commandments in a speech tuesday.
the speech was the four-term house member's final one, coming as she prepares to leave office in january.
bachmann's exit will end a congressional inquiry into alleged campaign finance violations during her 2012 presidential bid.
440	zhao yanli was pulled from bed at a psychiatric hospital and beaten.
he was found in a television room 'barely conscious' and bruised.
doctors say he'll probably never have use of his legs again if he survives.
family has refused £37,000 in compensation offered by chinese hospital.
attack came after zhao apparently offended a female nurse.
441	recently, three mysterious craters were discovered in the siberian permafrost.
alan weisman: hot summers caused earth to spew methane, resulting in explosions.
he says airborne methane is more potent in producing greenhouse effect.
weisman: such stunning global flatulence is deadly if we don't embrace green energy.
442	silver could be used to help fight antibiotic resistance.
can make bugs which are antibiotic resistant treatable.
works by making bacteria more ‘leaky’, allowing antibiotics to get inside them and kill them.
britain’s top doctor says the rise of drug-resistant superbugs could trigger an ‘apocalyptic scenario’
443	trayvon martin's killer, george zimmerman, won't likely find a safe job, his lawyer says.
zimmerman has collected hundreds of thousands of dollars.
zimmerman's wife faces a perjury charge for allegedly lying about their financial situation.
zimmerman has sued nbc universal, but hasn't specified a dollar figure.
444	water bosses in the south and east issue checklist of restrictions for 20m people.
it includes washing cars and boats, filling fountains and cleaning windows.
those caught breaking the rules face a £1,000 fine.
it follows two years of low rainfall that's left reservoirs at record low levels.
predictions of more dry weather has led to fears of even more restrictions.
445	on august 20, 1989, the riverboat sank after a collision, killing 51 partygoers.
families of the victims today attended a service at southwark cathedral.
the bereaved took to river to drop flowers at the site of the tragedy.
446	the death of klinghoffer has been controversial since it was first performed.
the subject of the opera, leon klinghoffer, was killed by the palestinian liberation front during a 1985 hijacking of a cruise ship.
klinghoffer's daughters have called the play antisemitic and an exploitative of their parents.
protesters in wheelchairs held signs saying 'i am leon klinghoffer'
a heckler disrupted the production and was later arrested for disorderly conduct.
447	there was lots to learn at the toronto international film festival.
the brits have always been famed for their literary adaptations.
michael fassbender insisted he spent quality time in bed -- with his script.
448	although they can't yet drive, some saudi women have started successful enterprises.
entrepreneurial activity is mainly confined to already wealthy women, says researcher.
saudi's leader has been softening legislation, making it easier for women to work.
young saudi businesswoman maria mahdaly feels more supported, she says.
449	heidi kloser, 21, broke her femur and tore ligaments in a crash during a training run on thursday and will not be able to compete.
she was ranked fourth in the world heading into the competition.
in the ambulance, she asked her father if she was still an olympian - and he said: 'of course you are'
450	kenya-born viraj mashru enlisted the help of amit patel.
patel said he had been abducted and taken to london.
they admitted blackmail at southwark crown court.
451	it's part of the nearly $1 million allotted to clinton to cover business-related expenses for the ex president.
former president jimmy carter also has his cable bill covered in his atlanta office - but he skips cinemax.
452	the whale's carcass has been floating in the ocean off the coast of west australia for several weeks.
harrison williams jumped off a boat and swam to the dead whale and climbed on top.
there were several tiger sharks and one white shark circling the carcass.
the department of fisheries have labelled the man's actions as 'irresponsible' and 'risky'
453	shaun lacey, 40, of leek, staffordshire, had a 23-year history of violence.
he was granted parole after half of three-year jail term for battering man.
just 21 days later lacey got drunk and stabbed his mother's neighbour.
victim damien fyson, 37, suffered fatal injuries and bled to death at scene.
lacey has been jailed for 17 and a half years after admitting manslaughter.
454	agatha christie wrote her novel evil under the sun on the island in devon.
the site, measuring 335 square metres, is planned for pretty burgh island.
horrified former owner of island describes plans as a 'horrible shiny thing'
455	prosecutors believe christina nadine nelson, 23, of billings, montana, made several false rape or assault claims between 2009 and 2012.
the german exchange student accused her high school prom date of rape.
a month after the prom she wanted to drop the charges, but the boy had already been expelled and his family had moved state.
in 2012, she claimed her ex-boyfriend raped her in the parking lot at work, but she only told her husband after intercourse later that night.
when detectives reviewed parking lot surveillance footage from that night, they found no evidence to substantiate her claims.
it is unknown if nelson is in billings or if she has returned to germany, where she was born.
456	rough seas have ruined fishermen's equipment on scotland's east coast.
cold weather has kept lobster and other crustaceans further out to sea.
scarcity has forced prices so high, restaurants have taken lobster off menu.
457	dunn's blood alcohol level was twice the legal limit, police say.
his porsche was speeding 132 to 140 mph, police say.
dunn and his passenger died from "blunt and thermal trauma," the coroner says.
dunn was known for pranks and dangerous stunts.
458	mother-of-three molly shattuck was arrested and charged in connection with a sexual relationship involving a 15-year-old boy on wednesday.
the 47-year-old and 15-year-old would meet for make out sessions in her cadillac escalade.
she allegedly performed oral sex on him at least twice over the labor day weekend, after first plying him with beer.
the boy opted out of her offer to have sexual intercourse and called his dad to collect him the next day.
she has been indicted on two counts of third-degree rape, four counts of unlawful sexual contact and three counts of providing alcohol to minors.
now, shattuck has also resigned from her position on the school board  of the baltimore school for the arts.
459	joshua blackaby's balloon was found in east kurrajon new south wales.
balloon was discovered in the back garden of a girl called millie.
balloon was one of 300 released as part of geography project.
other balloons made it to denmark and holland.
460	levi miller 'admitted he had been involved and was sorry he was caught'
he is one of 16 amish men accused of slicing off hair and beards last year.
detective recounts horrified scenes after community leader's beard was cut.
461	photographer and graphic designer, jane long has been inspired by black and white images from flickr's costică acsinte archive, recreating them into a fantasy series, 'the dancing with costica'
the original 5,000 images were taken by a romanian war photographer costică acsinte.
in 2013, photo enthusiast cezar popescu began restoring the black and white images.
ms long describes the concept of her series as the complete opposite to the original images.
462	father martin mcveigh says he showed "offending imagery" to parents.
parents said they were "horrified" and demanded action against him.
he will take a sabbatical leave before returning to another parish.
the irish catholic church is accused of abusing children over many decades.
463	alessia and livia schepp were abducted by their father a week ago.
he was found dead in italy on thursday.
interpol has issued an international missing persons alert.
464	katherine hooper, 24, was described as ‘high risk’ after she took overdose.
it came after row with father of her children, who faces assault charges.
children were taken into care while she was.
monitored in hospital.
but they were sent back home to ‘vulnerable.
and lost’ mother weeks later.
465	thomas beatie, the transgender man who gained international fame when he became pregnant in 2007, was arrested for stalking.
beatie was picked up in phoenix, arizona for stalking an ex, possibly his former wife, nancy beatie.
he admitted that he had also put a gps on the car of the woman he was stalking two years prior.
466	teenage cancer victim stephen sutton honoured with posthumous mbe.
19-year-old accepted tribute before losing fight with illness on month ago.
teen, who raised £4million for charity, said accolade was 'awesome'
his mother jane, 49, said she was 'truly delighted and immensely proud'
467	more americans are turning to radical islam, u.s. counterterrorism officials say.
homeland security secretary: this is a "paradigm shift" since the days just after 9/11.
times square bomb suspect faisal shahzad allegedly trained in pakistan.
his case is similar to that of bryant vinas, subject of cnn's "american al qaeda"
468	hbo is showing a marathon of hit series "the wire"
baltimore sun reporter justin fenton is sharing now-and-then images from "the wire"
469	five mothers and their 16 babies were released into the bukit batikap conservation forest in indonesia.
one of them, terusan, bounded from his crate with arms waving in wild excitement, to the delight of his carers.
470	coast guard, ferry training enable quick response, rescue.
ferry captain says they drill each month for man overboard scenarios.
boats help pluck passengers off wings, out of the water.
coast guard lieutenant: "it's a great thing to see it happen like this"
471	cat fletcher, 49, has sofas, dishwasher, cutlery, clothing and even an oven.
found items on freegle website or left unwanted in skips near home in newhaven, east sussex during past five years.
'i don't think there's any shame in it,' says former personal assistant.
472	he also said that people who tried to stop him getting the job are 'sulking' three years later.
in an interview today mr bercow also said people who criticise his wife sally are 'no-hopers'
473	man was known for bet's "106 & park"
arrests were made wednesday in staten island shooting.
474	the app tracks scud missiles and can work out where it is likely to land.
warnings are then sent to people who have downloaded the app.
the technology was designed by dlshad othman who fled syria in 2011.
around 6,000 people have now subscribed to the app.
information gathered by seven spotters located in hills around damascus.
475	kim watson, 32, is charged with stealing $3.7million in sears merchandise.
the department store clerk allegedly sold on the goods for a profit.
missing merchandise included bedding and kitchen appliances, police say.
476	journalist publishes new book five years after panorama tirade went viral.
he has since apologised, but says he remains 'gravely troubled' by the cult.
he says he is ready to fight controversial religion if they sue him for libel.
477	alexis sanchez will go head-to-head with raheem sterling on sundaysanchez's best quality is his calmness to finish chances off.
hoddle: there are many similarities between sanchez and sterling.
478	film director tony scott left two notes before his apparent suicide, a coroner official says.
it will be weeks before autopsy results are made public, an official says.
"unfathomable to think that he is now gone," denzel washington says.
scott is best known for the films "top gun" and "beverly hills cop ii"
479	the sudanese government is leaving peace talks with rebels from darfur.
the president has been indicted for war crimes there.
roughly 300,000 have been killed in darfur since 2003.
480	mcnally smith college of music offers the first college diploma in hip hop.
students learn about hip hop history as well as hands-on music classes.
hip hop artists such as toki wright and dj freddy fresh are among instructors.
481	"madden nfl 11" streamlines decision-making for a faster virtual gridiron experience.
handheld gaming enthusiasts have it good thanks to titles like "puzzle quest 2"
sci-fi fans should also have a look at "transformers: war for cybertron" on the pc.
482	ronaldo wants to come out of retirement with fort lauderdale strikers.
former brazil star is a minority owner of the us second division club.
ex-real madrid striker recently won almost £30,000 at pokerstars event.
483	one of the world's largest water parks has created life-sized mayan temple.
indiana jones-style ride sends visitors plummeting at 35mph.
484	heavy smell of oil already hangs over mississippi beaches.
a portion of the northern gulf of mexico is closed to fishing.
bp said it has prepared massive boxes to capture leaking oil.
485	sidra fatima, 33, ran cruel scam for nearly two years, conning seven men.
judge says she left potential suitors humiliated, miserable and deep in debt.
mother-of-two, from dewsbury in west yorkshire, tricked men out of £35,000.
but fatima escaped jail, being given only a 12-month suspended sentence.
husband raja haider ali, 45, threatened those who ask for their money back.
court heard how he told men he had already murdered 20 people in pakistan.
486	jennifer helen richmond, 22, of orlando, pleaded guilty to racketeering friday.
sentenced to three years prison.
arrest came after years-long investigation by the metropolitan bureau of investigation.
487	cengizhan cerit stood as a candidate for ashford borough council in 2011.
but cerit faked the signatures of the electors who had 'nominated' him.
he also tried to apply for hundreds of postal votes to rig the election result.
cerit's scam was exposed when officials spotted a spelling mistake.
judge adele williams said the fraud 'struck at the heart of democracy'
488	officials in odisha state launch probe after doctor used bicycle pump on patients.
the doctor used pump to inflate abdomens of women ahead of sterilization surgery.
conditions in india's government-run sterilization clinics have been criticized.
last month, 12 women died in chhattisgarh state after undergoing the procedure.
489	bryan james hathaway, 25, was charged with assaulting off-duty policewoman.
officer kody vedder was shopping with her daughter at the time of the incident.
vedder spotted hathaway looking shifty in the backseat of a car and tried to detain him.
police seized three brand-new cell phones and other equipment from the car where hathaway was sitting.
man was convicted in 2006 of molesting the carcass of a deer he found in a ditch while biking.
in 2005, hathaway pleaded no contest to shooting an arabian horse to have sex with it.
490	duchess's bodyguards seen wearing controversial tasers for the first time.
officers also carrying conventional firearms and wearing stab vests.
move comes as the threat from international terrorism is classed as severe.
the duchess of cambridge was visiting foster carers in north london.
491	new: u.s. attorney says verdict shows murderers will be held accountable.
new: police chief defends handling of case, which first focused on gary condit.
the body was found over a year after she disappeared; charges came 9 years later.
chandra levy's mother: "there's always going to be a feeling of sadness"
492	michael bloomberg's daughter georgina took her month-old son jasper out for the first time in public.
was accompanied by her boyfriend, the baby's father ramiro quintana.
the happy family went to watch the winter equestrian festival in palm beach, florida on sunday.
jasper is getting an early introduction to the sport as both of his parents are professional equestrians.
georgina already has a pony ready for her son- and she picked out the 'rescue mini' months before giving birth to her boy.
493	one third of people struggle to cope at work due to depression or stress.
some 83% of those affected feel isolated or lonely as result, says survey.
but 71% of people said discussing their condition with colleague helped.
online research published today as part of depression awareness week.
494	the remains have not been identified, a french relative says.
the recovery more than doubles the number of bodies found since the 2009 crash.
air france 447 plunged into the ocean, killing 228 people.
495	arab world has closely watched as events in iran have unfolded over past week.
relations between iran and arab states have always been tense.
egypt, morocco accuse iran of trying to spread shiite faith among its sunni population.
some arab states look to iran as a regional superpower that can support them.
496	new: sarah mcclay, 24, died after being mauled by a tiger.
she was working in enclosure when she was attacked.
police are trying to determine what exactly happened.
497	mars orbiter cost £45 million ($74 million), three-quarters that of gravity.
it took 300 days to travel more than 420 million miles (670 million km)
indian prime minister narendra modi hailed it 'near impossible' success.
the spacecraft, called mangalyaan, will now study red planet's surface.
spacecraft will study mars for methane, a key chemical for life on earth.
data will help scientists better understand how planets and life evolved.
498	hermione norris says earnings for tv stars have fallen since cold feet.
she was paid a reported £75,000 per episode for the itv show's last series.
'there's quite a bit of asda smart price going on in my life,' she says.
499	valeria lukyanova claims she was attacked outside her home in odessa.
human barbie said she has been subjected to a two-year hate campaign.
the 28-year-old model denied claims she was covering for plastic surgery.
she said she has only ever had breast enlargement surgery to feel 'normal'
500	u.s. is divided over who should be responsible for paying for health care.
eduardo gomez says brazil has long considered health care a right.
he says brazil's life expectancy has increased at a faster rate than that of the u.s.
gomez: brazil still lags behind in some areas, including widespread access to medical technology.
501	real madrid's gareth bale is under fire in spain for shooting too much.
so, why doesn't arsene wenger make a move for the former spurs star?
they can't keep stumbling along with per mertesacker and olivier giroud.
502	infants can read human expressions by looking at the whites of the eyes - or sclerae - in split seconds, according to a new study.
a pair of fearful eyes has larger whites than eyes showing other emotions.
happy expressions show the smallest amount of white, for example.
experts conducted eeg (electroencephalography) tests on babies.
found infants react more to fear than happiness based on people's eyes.
503	eddie williams, 20, 'had sex with karissa wesley about 10 times'
williams was kicked off the alabama squad earlier this year after being accused of taking part in a robbery on campus.
wesley has strenuously denied the affair.
504	kristine bunch, 38, was sentenced to.
60 years in prison in 1996 after a jury convicted her of killing.
three-year-old tony in arson attack.
bunch accused of.
pouring kerosene in the bedroom of her son and the living room of their.
mobile home before setting it ablaze.
but court of appeals orders retrial after new evidence casts doubt on conviction.
now prosecutors have dropped their charges.
505	prize money on offer to women's tennis stars will be higher than ever in 2013.
the tour has grown from a $300,000 purse in 1971 to $107 million this year.
ruling body the wta is celebrating its 40th year of existence in 2013.
current ceo stacey allaster has led an overhaul of circuit since joining wta in 2006.
506	southampton full back had a tough time against marc albrighton.
javier hernandez's goalscoring struggles at manchester united continue.
liverpool's joe allen proves size doesn't matter in the premier league.
507	anara atanes tweeted 'f*** france and f*** deschamps!'
she said tweets 'were not aimed at the nation as a whole'
nasri considering quitting international football after world cup snub.
manchester city midfielder left out by france manager didier deschamps.
france boss says he isn't good at sitting on the bench.
508	pentagon says death toll number is probably accurate.
iraq government puts death toll from isis executions at 322 from one sunni tribe.
some of those killed were women and children, tribal leader claims.
u.s. says killings are further proof iraqis must work with coalition to defeat isis.
509	jon setzer was pronounced dead on the scene while his 72-year-old wife was airlifted to a hospital in critical condition.
blast blew out windows and damaged several rooms in the setzers' home in lebanon, tennessee.
investigators ruled out accidental causes of explosion like gas leak or electrical malfunction.
jon and marion setzer lost their son in dog attack when he was 3 years old.
510	georgia davis, 19, used her laptop to order takeaways and sneak them past her parents.
she spent £5,000 a year in just one fast food outlet.
weight has started to fall off now she is on strict hospital diet - but friends believe she hopes to be out december to enjoy proper christmas lunch.
511	marina rybak died at a nearby hospital after being shot in the neck with the pellet gun during a birthday party.
the six-year-old did not know the gun was loaded,  fired it by accident.
512	"american idol" is down to the final contestants.
kree harrison and candice glover wowed the audience.
judge keith urban "was really taken with the original songs"
513	research shows many obese people are suffering from malnutrition.
only 11% of people in u.s. get enough fibre and 5%get enough potassium.
dr sally norton, an nhs weight-loss consultant, says this is a scandal.
western medicine should place a greater emphasis on good nutrition.
problem exacerbated by poor hospital food and little training on nutrition.
drug companies pushing expensive drugs which only treat symptoms.
studies show a better diet can prevent a whole host of diseases.
we should 'let food be our medicine' dr norton argues.
514	eden hazard has jokingly questioned team-mate diego costa's age.
25-year-old costa joined in a £32million move from atletico madrid in july.
hazard has been impressed by costa and new signing fabregas.
515	bonnie raitt's "slipstream" is her first album in seven years.
fans are packing concerts and propelling "slipstream" into billboard's top 10.
"i wanted to take that break so i would miss it enough," raitt told cnn.
516	mandy shepherd, from preston, lancashire, had mitochondrial disease.
condition left her with slurred speech and drooping eyelids.
had been mocked in the street by people thinking she was a drug addict.
she was discovered lying under the water at her home by her stepfather.
an inquest heard her death was caused by her illness.
517	rafael nadal says he will miss the u.s. open because of a wrist injury.
it's not the first time the spaniard will be unable to defend a grand slam title.
nadal suffered injury heartache in the year's first major, hampered by a bad back.
roger federer will now be the tournament's second seed after novak djokovic.
518	jamie deen has re-ignited the accusations of racism that surround the family a year on from the scandal which cost his mom her tv career.
on friday he posted a photo of him cuddling ineata 'jellyroll' jones, an employee at the center of some of last year's racist accusations.
other employees claimed that deen forced the woman to dress up in an aunt jemima-style outfit against her wishes.
his questionable tweet comes amid a.
reports that his food network show has been dropped.
last week his mom launched the paula deen network, a show to be made available to digital subscribers from september.
519	nicolas checque, 28, was killed in the rescue operation in afghanistan on sunday.
checque and other members of seal team six were there to rescue american doctor dilip joseph, of colorado springs, colorado.
520	life for many in gaza means a search for safety from bombs.
they pack whatever they can into cars, buses and trucks and onto carts, and they flee.
others refuse to evacuate despite warnings from israel.
says one woman, "i have nowhere to go... we will not leave, it is our destiny"
521	new: the judge says a witness in the case also was summoned for jury duty.
a florida judge rejects potential jurors because they discussed the case.
jury selection was secretly moved to clearwater, 100 miles from orlando.
casey anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter, caylee.
522	australian filmmaker shanks rajendran spent 18 months in skid row, los angeles.
enlisted the help of local man, lavell putman, who acted as his guide.
engineered unprecedented access to the drug addled streets of downtown.
met drug dealers, pimps and their prostitutes in an effort to expose the reality.
the feature-length film is unflinching in its portrayal of the destitution of america's second largest city.
523	lohan says she's "willing to do the work" for a comeback.
she's cast in "gotti," but jail could keep her off the movie set.
friday's jail sentence left her "kind of numb," the actress says.
lohan's "tonight show" appearance was taped monday and aired tuesday.
524	shocking images reveal 'filthy' conditions of broadway hotel in blackpool.
they show cracked plaster, peeled wallpaper and worn socks left in drawer.
tony jenkinson and wife jan from whitehaven, cumbria, stayed at hotel.
described it as a 'rotten stinking hovel' in negative review on tripadvisor.
they were billed extra £100 due hotel's policy to charge for 'bad' reviews.
blackpool council says hotel has now agreed to refund extra £100 charge.
525	geoffrey canada: too little progress is being made in improving schools.
if summer break sets kids back, let's try a longer school year, he says.
give kids health care, early childhood education to make them better prepared, he says.
canada: schools need real-time data about student performance.
526	there's now a 24% chance your international flight will have wi-fi access, according to routehapp.
in the united states, the chance of catching a wi-fi-enabled flight has more than tripled in the past 18 months.
527	there is currently no defence against meningitis b - the most deadly strain.
move expected to dramatically cut the death and disability toll in children.
yet bexsero vaccine will not become immediately.
available on the nhs.
parents wanting protection for their babies will.
have to buy it privately.
528	jeffrey lee williams, 11, died last weekend from carbon monoxide poisoning.
two months ago an elderly couple died at the same room - 225 at the best western plus blue ridge plaza in boone, north carolina.
toxicology tests have confirmed that daryl and shirley jenkins also died  from carbon monoxide poisoning.
medical examiner had report on his desk for more than a week between the little boy's death but did not inform the police - he has now resigned.
529	hugo lloris admits tottenham need to be stronger in the big games.
spurs lost three times against arsenal last season and finished well outside the top four.
tottenham have taken one point from nine games against manchester city, liverpool, chelsea and arsenal in the past year.
champions league qualification is lloris's aim but spurs have started the season slowly.
two defeats and a draw have left them  9th in the premier league with seven points.
mauricio pochettino's team  face arsenal at the emirates on saturday.
530	meerkats are tunnel-dwelling animals indigenous to african plains.
they are good hunters, and can be trained by humans to catch rodents.
they communicate with purring sounds, as shown in the video.
zoo keeper says meerkats love being tickled and this one appears to laugh with pleasure when his stomach is rubbed.
the meerkats at the northumberland farm centre 'all have personalities'
531	'erroneous' reports today emerge that bieber's dui charge has been dropped - but miami dade state attorney's office spokesman ed griffith tells mailonline: 'no charges have been dropped because until arraignment no charges have been filed.
video shows moment miami cops swoop in to arrest bieber - who was driving between 55-60mph in a 30mph zone. neighbour said it was like the 'wild, wild west'
bieber escaped to panama with 'bad girl' bikini model chantel jeffries after his arrest.
canadian pop star shut out his manager and his team after bust - but they have since rushed to him.
reports claim bieber spends $5,000 a week on marijuana after mailonline reveals he smokes a 'ton of pot' and relies on prescription drugs.
idol and mentor usher is reportedly trying to get through to bieber and make him change his ways.
532	amanda leve already competes against teen boys and girls in higher weight divisions.
amanda believes that wrestling, in addition to her other sports, will help her gain a college scholarship.
letting girls compete in contact sports goes against the school's catholic beliefs.
533	many of the ads included quotes from 'expert european doctors' who endorsed lysol as a contraceptive.
later investigation by the american medical association found that these doctors did not exist.
534	horse found in birds eye's traditional spaghetti bolognese and beef lasagna.
taco bell have found horse dna in their ground beef filling.
birds eye had already recalled the products as a precaution.
caterers to the house of commons, brakes, also found traces of horsemeat.
mcdonald's confirms no horsemeat has been found in any of its products.
535	nypd used facebook friendships and photos to identify gang members.
41 have been arrested, 8 still at large.
have been warring for three years, 'terrorizing' parts of brooklyn.
536	two police helicopters crash in berlin.
the pilot of one helicopter died.
two other people were severely injured, police say.
537	extreme heat causes on-court chaos at australian open where one player hallucinated.
bushfires rage in three states, damaging dozens of homes in perth.
one woman is taken to hospital in adelaide with burns and smoke inhalation.
record-breaking temperatures top 47c in south australia.
26,000 lightning strikes hit adelaide as heat brings intense storms.
fire service commissioner warns friday is 'peak danger day' in victoria.
538	rooney's dead ball effort drew groans from england fans all over.
the three lions were chasing the game as rooney embarrassed himself.
some even called the england forwards corner the 'worst ever'
539	gary's defence team sent 'a great deal of material' for him to read.
540	amie smith, 23, is facing jail after starving her staffordshire bull terrier.
rocky was locked in a filthy kitchen and denied food and water.
he was so hungry that he chewed tins of dog food on the floor.
police alerted after reports of a 'smell of death' coming from tyneside home.
defence lawyer says smith was the victim of domestic violence at the time.
541	six days of calm weather needed to cut up warship's hull.
hull of minesweeper to be cut into three parts.
uss guardian ran aground on philippine reef in january.
542	house at 2207 seymour street in cleveland will be bulldozed and ground to dust on wednesday morning.
plans for the land after the demolition are not known.
city trying to prevent 'murderabillia' sales - scraps of the house being auctioned off as sick souvenirs.
543	king john sealed the magna carter under a yew tree in runnymede in 1215.
it is also the site of the first meeting between henry viii and anne boleyn.
the ankerwycke yew is to be preserved forever under a new initiative.
saplings grown from its cuttings have been planted in hedge in edinburgh.
544	christine harrison, 28, died in march when the car she was travelling in crashed into trees after hitting standing water and leaving the road.
coroner said the collision  would never have happened if police had acted differently following accident which occurred in same spot hour earlier.
545	mourinho said shaw's £120,000-a-week wage demands would have killed stability at chelsea.
shaw signed for manchester united instead for £30million.
mourinho compared the signing to filipe luis, who he captured for £15m.
the chelsea boss said: 'for my club, we can say it would be very negative'
546	new: peter lanza has claimed adam lanza's body, a family spokesman says.
new: the spokesman says the body was claimed thursday.
police say lanza, 20, killed his mother and then opened fire in a connecticut elementary school.
he killed 20 children and six staff members at the school before killing himself, police say.
547	make-up wasn't worn excessively in the twenties.
so downton abbey actresses must have a natural look.
laura carmichael who plays lady edith reveals how this is achieved.
she shares secrets with make-up artist lisa eldridge.
lisa recreates the look using her own tricks of the trade.
reveals how to do it at home with video tutorial.
548	labour front-bencher pulled his hat over his ears for north london jog.
balls, 46, also wore a pair of glasses while out on his run.
self-professed fitness fanatic is also keen on games of football.
549	nimko ali was seven when she underwent female genital mutilation (fgm)
her teacher, instead of helping, likened it to a bar mitzvah.
66,0000 british women are believed to have undergone fgm.
20,000 girls are at risk of being taken abroad for circumcision.
fgm has been illegal in the uk since 1985.
550	francois hollande is alleged to have had an affair with actress julie gayet.
valerie trierweiler, 48, went into hospital as affair rumours emerged.
she left on saturday and is due to go on 'humanitarian' visit to india today.
former first lady tonight tweeted her thanks to 'extraordinary' elysee staff.
551	real madrid overpower 10-man tottenham 4-0 in champions league quarterfinal.
emmanuel adebayor scores twice with andel di maria and cristiano ronaldo also netting.
tottenham have peter crouch sent off in the first half for two sliding tackles.
the result leaves real madrid on target for a semifinal clash with rivals barcelona.
552	scientists from oxford university showed the birds display a preference for holding a stick tool on the right or left side of their beaks.
this may be because they are trying to keep the tip of the stick in view.
technique enables them to use tools in the most dexterous way.
study hints bird's wide field of vision helps them see better with one eye.
553	the film 'contagion' is chock-full of big-name actors.
director steven soderbergh presents a disaster movie of epic proportion.
reviewer says the movie is "a model of lucidity and clean, crisp storytelling"
554	rhys thomas having transplant on tuesday.
he retired from rugby in april 2012.
set to have a heart transplant in the near future.
555	the gap-owned affordable clothing chain old navy touts jeggings, super skinny, skinny, boot-cut, and boyfriend skinny among its new styles.
'why not just call them 'loose fit?’' asks janet choi, 41, a mother of two from bushwick to the new york daily news.
child psychologists claim that the term 'boyfriend jean' sexualizes children at too young an age.
556	inspectors say glen parva, in leicestershire, is not safe.
calls for an immediate review into arrangements for holding young adults.
two young men killed themselves in 2013 at the prison.
two months following the inspection, another young man committed suicide.
howard league for penal reform likened prison to lord of the flies.
557	design won international architecture competition.
labyrinth of beams design will create semi-outdoor space.
building in taichung due to be completed in 2017.
558	to make money, airlines are pushing everything from craft beer to cars.
in addition to mini coopers, airbaltic sells branded shoes.
airbaltic was also the first airline to accept bitcoins for payment.
559	female convicts tell of 'devastating lack of personal space' behind bars.
some are punished for soiling sheets after period starts unexpectedly.
others are forced to share one room with as many as 30 fellow inmates.
accounts revealed in new book by group of st petersburg sociologists.
560	steve sidwell in demand with fulham contract due to end.
stoke and west ham among the teams keen on his services.
561	israel is joining other population-dense areas to build "vertical cemeteries"
jewish law doesn't allow for cremation.
china, india, brazil also use this kind of burial.
562	three u.s. marines killed friday night in helmand province.
three members of america's special operation forces killed by afghan solider early friday morning after he invited them to security meeting.
u.s. soldier killed and two others injured on attack by afghan soldier on tuesday.
on wednesday suicide bombers in kunar province killed three nato members and one afghan civilian.
thursday afghan soldiers tried to gun down nato troops; an afghan soldier was killed.
34 coalition service members killed by afghan forces or insurgents this year.
563	aerial perspectives show off the castles' features and interesting layouts.
four welsh castles have been filmed by drones, including caerphilly.
laugharne castle - an inspiration to poet dylan thomas - was also filmed.
cadw, the welsh government’s historic environment service, decided to use drones to give visitors a fresh perspective on the popular historic sites.
564	clive palmer hopes to lift flagging fortunes of his pup team in queensland.
the son of former premier sir joh bjelke-petersen is new leader of the party in his home state.
john bjelke-petersen tried, unsuccessfully, to win a place in federal parliament for pup at the 2013 election.
565	new: at least 50,000 people are said to have fled from the violence in jonglei.
information minister: some of the thousands who fled have started to return to pibor.
earlier, an official said roughly 4,000 reinforcements were being sent to pibor.
the town had been under attack by fighters from a rival tribe.
566	west ham midfielder is eligible to play for ireland through his grandparents.
mark noble has never been called up to the england senior squad.
hammers midfielder won 20 caps for the england u21s.
567	new: students, parents and school leaders gather to remember.
friends of the slain student identify her as zoe galasso.
student witness says teacher "ran towards shooter" to stop him.
four students remain hospitalized after the shooting last week.
568	prime minister tells the commons the nation needs same 'resolve' as previous generations to defeat 'poisonous ideology' of terrorists.
national security council meeting to discuss extra air and intelligence support to french intervention in mali.
international security to be top of g8 agenda during uk chairmanship.
expanded british special forces to ‘find and dismantle the network’ that planned the algerian hostage siege which killed up to 10 britons.
bringing home the bodies is now 'top priority' but may take 'some time'
569	children aged between five and 12 have already been enrolled in the 'little spinners' classes.
instructor insists youngsters do not learn 'sexual moves' and that classes are 'strictly about fitness'
child psychologist says moving into the sex industry 'an easy transition' for someone with that training.
570	fitow battered okinawa.
it is forecast to make landfall in china on monday morning.
571	concerns raised about gaps in airline and tour bus safety.
issue gains prominence with focus on 787 fires, two deadly bus crashes.
leading u.s. safety advocate especially concerned about tired tour bus drivers.
regulators defend bus safety oversight, say government acts when it uncovers problems.
572	there was a great deal going on during the 2014 miss america pageant.
one contestant made a "breaking bad" reference.
miss new york was ultimately crowned the winner.
573	new: fiji's prime minister calls the peacekeepers heroes.
the united nations says they are in good condition.
they had been captured by an al qaeda affiliate.
574	a dog attacked two-year-old destiny henry-khan's face on saturday.
she had plastic surgery but may suffer permanent scarring, nerve damage.
the dog fled and police are yet to find the animal or its owner.
575	actress's ad for la vie est belle comes a year after asa banned previous ad for 'misleading' use of airbrush.
roberts, 44, looks youthful in film, directed by tarsem singh.
576	police officer paul desousa, of new york, was hit by a car after pulling a teen boy out of harm's way when an out-of-control vehicle came hurtling toward them friday.
desousa pulled over to offer the boy a ride so he wouldn't have to walk in the morning's snow storm.
a 2014 infiniti lost control, struck an embankment, and came hurtling towrd the two.
desousa hoisted the boy onto his squad car and the vehicle struck the officer, sending him flying into the air.
577	merok park, in surrey, ordered to be shut by the care quality commission.
25 residents waited by front door wrapped in blankets during evacuation.
man's death leads to calls for owners to be investigated for poor conditions.
it was one of two homes owned by mauritian businessman soodressen cooppen and his wife maleenee that have closed.
578	amal alamuddin changed her last name to clooney after she married george.
peggy drexler notes amal was slammed for abandoning her own name for a man's.
drexler: it's just a name. it was her decision. she doesn't have to prove anything.
drexler: successful women can be models of empowerment whatever name they have.
579	the horsemeat cookbook by chris windle (38.99, random house)
includes recipes for horse stew and raw horse salad.
580	cocktail recipes come from the shrub & shutter in brixton, london.
encompass plenty of gin to keep you merry - with added vegetables.
feature quirky ingredients like ham, chicken and mustard.
581	archaeological site 20m from isis territory set to become tourist attraction.
site of biblical town of carchemish was excavated by lawrence of arabia.
lawrence was part of team which uncovered site more than 100 years ago.
now his house on the site is part being excavated by italian archaeologists.
isis black flag flies not far from town now guarded by 500 turkish soldiers.
assad regime, free syrian army rebels and isis have fought nearby.
the attraction is set to open in spring next year despite the nearby dangers.
582	cornealious 'mike' anderson, 37, charged with second-degree robbery in connection to purse-snatching in st louis.
arrest comes six months after a judge freed anderson from jail.
the small business owner and father of four landed behind bars after avoiding prison time for 13 years due to a clerical error.
anderson's family and attorney say he could not have committed the robbery because he spent the whole night at a birthday party.
defense attorney for anderson suggested he was arrested because of his previous conviction and notoriety.
583	more than 100 officers swoop on homes across oxford yesterday.
alleged victims as young as 11, many of whom brought up in care.
'groomed and given drugs so they could be raped by tormentors'
police chief: 'arrests intended to protect girls from further harm'
584	taylor adele smith hopes to highlight the absurdity of the 'thigh gap trend' in her informational video.
585	henry had been shipped out to lille in france in may for a 286-mile race back to his home in leeds.
his owner thought he'd died when he didn't turn up but flew to the bahamas after hitchhiking on a ship.
586	lucy francis maloney from minnesota makes tiny models  of deceased pets.
she says that her creations help to comfort grieving dog owners.
first statuette was in 1997 of the family pet, old ted a yorkshire terrier.
587	nearly 200 people died in three horrific stadium tragedies in the 1980s.
some say that the one at heysel in 1985 has been largely forgotten.
thirty-nine fans died at the belgian stadium before european cup final.
juventus insist the club still honors the relatives of heysel victims.
588	robert f kennedy jr attended celebrity ski event in park city, utah with girlfriend cheryl hines.
589	new guidelines from health watchdog nice recommend drug nalmafene.
nalmefene reduces alcohol cravings and helps people cut down on drinking.
allows adults to have one or two drinks but stop without needing more.
gps urged to prescribe drug nalmafene to 'mild alcoholics' under guidelines.
estimated it could be prescribed to up to 600,000 adults in england.
women who drink 5 units a day, or men who drink 7.5 could be offered pill.
there are just over two units in a medium glass of wine or pint of beer.
deaths from liver disease have soared by a fifth in the last decade.
590	$165 billion measure puts no restrictions on war-money bush requested.
measure pays for wars in iraq, afghanistan through early next year.
also attached are unemployment assistance and expanded gi bill.
measure includes more than $2 billion to help flood-stricken midwest.
591	airline passenger packed gun parts in a playstation 2, the tsa says.
tsa officers discovered the weapon at new york's john f. kennedy international airport.
the man was arrested on a weapons charge.
592	new immigration law adds to tension in arizona, says ruben navarrette jr.
illegal immigrants on edge even though judge blocked worse parts of law, he says.
navarrette: some have left arizona in search of a better climate in other states.
law is polarizing; whites support it strongly and latinos opposing it, navarrette says.
593	mauro zarate is expected to join queens park rangers on loan.
the west ham forward has reportedly undergone a medical at qpr.
harry redknapp has said he is looking to bolster his attacking options.
594	'no obvious link' between vitamin d tablets and healthy bones in babies.
nhs currently guides pregnant women to take the tablets.
study still advises those who do not get exposure to the sun to take supplements.
595	high school sweethearts got engaged during schoolies celebrations.
chris collins proposed to his girlfriend rachael of six years.
performed his choreographed dance routine before popping the question.
the ring is reportedly made from collins’ grandmother’s diamonds.
596	a nebraska official says reviewing a pipeline route usually takes six to nine months.
transcanada submits an alternate route for the keystone oil pipeline through nebraska.
the pipeline has become a political lightning rod.
republicans accuse president obama of delaying the pipeline for political reasons.
597	warning graphic content.
approximately 20 cows spill out but eventually get back on their feet.
clip has received more than three million hits on youtube.
some commentators have called video a hoax.
598	beaten champions league finalists will hope players' allegiance to manager diego simeone will convince them to stay.
courtois says he doesn't have an 'emotional link' to parent club chelsea.
belgian not prepared to play only in the cup competitions.
diego costa will only be sold if he wants to leave the club.
koke and filipe luis also attracting interest from premier league clubs.
599	the european commission will pay £250.
towards the cost of crossing the continent for an interview and £830 in.
moving expenses if they get a job.
critics will ask why brussels is.
offering to subsidise unemployed europeans to travel to the uk when.
nearly a million young britons are without work.
600	gold coach from australia for queen's 80th finally reaches palace garage.
very late birthday present was caught up in political scandal down under.
palace confirms the multi-million dollar coach will be put in use soon.
carriage was taxpayer funded by monarchist former  prime minister.
coach sat in backyard workshop for eight years as mps fought over it.
painstakingly made with wood from shakespeare tree and nelson's ship.
601	the versatile midfielder was one of real madrid's stars last season and was named man-of-the-match in the champions league final win over atletico.
former manchester united boss sir alex ferguson presented him the award.
angel di maria attributes his successes with real madrid to his daughter mia's survival after being born three months premature.
a year before his champions league final heroics, doctors gave di maria and his wife's  baby a 30 per cent chance of survival after she was born.
the argentine scored in the copa del rey final win against barcelona and was the best player on the pitch in lisbon when madrid won la decima.
di maria said: ‘my daughter taught me everything that appears to be really difficult can end up being easy if you put effort in and wait for the rewards’
nicknamed 'noodle', di maria was pushed out of the bernabeu this summer after madrid signed world cup star james rodriguez from monaco.
602	disney drones could carry displays of floating pixels, similar to fireworks.
drones could also carry projection screens to reflect light onto crowd.
one patent suggests using drones to move 'blimp-sized' disney puppets.
the california-based company joins a list of groups pressing for the us government to allow commercial use of small drones.
603	new: dead pilot used to engage in mock dog fights when in turkish air force.
investigators: turkish airlines plane fell almost vertically to ground.
sudden drop indicates aircraft did not have enough forward speed, official says.
three boeing employees killed, one remains hospitalized, company says.
604	kisha curtis, 29, has denied ever abusing the dog but admits to having put it outside a hallway in 2011.
pit bull was found emaciated, covered in sores, weighing only 19lbs down a garbage shoot.
today the dog since named patrick is a robust 50lbs and thriving in a new loving home.
605	governor-general quentin bryce reignited fierce constitutional debate.
first woman to hold the title also backed gay marriage during lecture.
view on topics put her at odds with australia's pm tony abbott.
606	ibrahim hassan al-asiri is believed to be in yemen.
he grew up in riyadh, saudi arabia.
he recruited his brother into a terrorist movement.
607	they will extract dna from his bones which could reveal his condition.
merrick agreed to in sideshow which exhibited him as 'human curiosity'
608	1979 letter from paedophile group supporter contains ms harman's initials.
mp and her husband jack dromey claim group was 'defeated' before then.
note asks her civil liberties group to 'defend' members in indecency row.
patricia hewitt later replied, accepted £50 donation, and pledged support.
609	the 2015 parades kicked off on january 31 and will come to a close on fat tuesday.
more than 50 floats have participated in this year's colorful celebration, drawing in thousands of spectators from across the globe.
while it is a cause for celebration, trouble can also emerge during mardi gras with alcohol and overcrowding triggering disputes.
this week someone was shot and another injured after an altercation occurred mid-parade.
610	zaundia klingbeil, from fargo, north dakota, has suffered 13 miscarriages since she and her husband had a son 11 years ago.
the couple now hopes to adopt a baby girl, who is due soon.
but they can't afford the adoptions fees and travel costs, and the little girl is expected to have expensive medical issues.
the community has raised $8,000 so she may not have to sell the ring.
611	aimee willett, 26, was diagnosed with cervical cancer at her first smear test.
mum-of-two made a bucket list of things to do before she died - which included marrying her fiancé - but thought they would never afford it.
fundraising appeal was smashed by  anonymous donation of £25,000.
she is spending her last few months campaigning to lower smear test age.
612	study shows hands-free devices lead to sharp increase in driver errors.
users more likely to speed or suddenly change lanes, researchers say.
academics in canada monitored the brain activity of drivers.
613	the united states is at war with ideals as much as or more than foreign armies.
troops' curricula to include demographics, religion, languages, political landscapes.
thumbs-up in egypt, showing soles of feet in iraq are examples of offensive gestures.
commander: increasing countries' capabilities could prevent future u.s. deployments.
614	there is only one club that can buy lionel messi if he is available.
ffp means chelsea and manchester city are out of the running.
united demonstrated a financial capability that outstripped all rivals.
read: messi and the truth about the barcelona power struggle.
615	jane ellison says prime minister is blocking plain cigarette package.
had said plain packaging regulations would be in place by april.
campaigners say plain packaging would be best to stop teenagers smoking.
labour health minister says there should be no excuse for the delay.
616	eliza delacruz, three weeks, was not in her crib when police arrived.
her mother and two males were hit in shooting at long beach home.
all three are critically wounded, police believe a man took the child.
617	quirky the kitten was rescued from a rubbish tip by couple on holiday.
he was quivering, blind and appeared to have suffered a head wound.
local vet nearly put him down but the giannangelos took him home.
now he's an internet star with facebook page with nearly 15,000 likes.
618	pat bullman and husband oliver created village at home in wicken, cambs.
they began with a windmill and spent 50 years gradually adding  buildings.
but the village fell into disrepair when mr bullman died in 2012, aged 80.
beverly lorking and tony middleton have now helped renovate the village.
619	rodell sanders, from chicago, was convicted in 1994 of a 1993 murder.
but he always denied the charge and started training himself in jail.
sanders was eventually able to write the  filings that led to his re-trial.
then, after a jury couldn't agree in his first re-trial, he was acquitted.
sanders, now 49, has returned home to his family after 20 years.
620	sweden will join more than 130 other countries that recognise the state.
a number of jewish groups described the move as being 'very sad'
palestinian officials praised the decision, saying they 'saluted' mr lofven.
621	pamela jackson, 55, from chester-le-street, last seen on march 2.
officers quiz 50-year-old from halifax 'in connection with search'
reported missing on thursday evening after son, 21, became concerned.
grandmother described as petite and 5ft tall with very long, black hair.
622	julie tremmel was a reporter for nbc 10 wjar.
she was fired after she performed a handstand in a lighthearted piece about america's got talent auditions.
she gained fame for an unintentionally report last year about how to survive a bear attack that went viral.
a veteran reporter at the station called her antics 'an insult to most of us trying to be professional'
tremmel has said that she will fight her dismissal.
there is currently a petition and a facebook page dedicated to bringing tremmel back on air.
623	keen musician adam dixon, 18, swallowed.
the powerful drug with two friends at his halls of residence at leeds.
metropolitan university.
his friends found him 'unresponsive' about four hours after going to bed and paramedics pronounced him dead shortly after.
teenager's parents warned other youngsters against taking the drug following today's inquest.
624	the wife of australia's cricket captain took to instagram to make her feelings known ahead of phillip hughes' funeral on wednesday.
kyly clarke called him 'our xmas lunch buddy, a friend we trust, our trivia partner'
she signed off with 'here's to the say we see you again! the clarkes'
her husband michael clarke will be among the pall-bearers.
625	nawal massad accused of trying to smuggle cash to war-torn syria.
it is claimed she was recruited by the wife of an alleged terrorist.
massad, 26, and amal el-wahabi will go on trial in july.
626	psg take on lyon in a top of the table clash in ligue un on sunday.
the french champions can go top if they beat the league leaders.
lyon coach hubert fournier claims zlatan ibrahimovic insults referees in english and spanish so they can't understand him.
627	funeral home in easley, south carolina, plans coffee shop.
it will sell starbucks products to mourners, the public.
service is a way to support families, funeral home executive says.
628	fast and furious actor, who dates rosie huntington-whiteley, topped poll.
followed by actors ray winstone, tom hardy and gerard butler.
prince william polled just one per cent of votes.
now readers can nominate the men in their lives as 'britain's manliest'
men's fitness competition is to raise awareness of male cancers.
629	scientists from san diego state university in california claim that being in a position of power can fundamentally change the way you speak.
they say people easily pick up on these vocal clues too.
experiment found that powerful people have more monotonous, higher pitched voices than people with less powerful roles.
high status individuals' voices also tend to be louder, the experts said.
630	john shearen, 51, was arrested by authorities at his home in leesburg, florida in possession of up to 1,000,000 video and images of child pornography.
the florida department of law enforcement said it appeared he had downloaded the most child pornography in the state of florida in history.
'he is the no. 1 person that can distribute child pornography throughout the world,' said the fdle. 'and he’s been doing it.'
631	da says there's a "strong possibility" teen wasn't alone when fire started.
man who saw teen before death says, "she was quiet that day, real quiet"
emergency responders found her badly burned on a rural road in northwest mississippi.
632	bradford baumet, 36, opened fire in the casselberry shopping mall at 11am on thursday.
killed a customer and two staff, including one who was five months pregnant.
ex-girlfriend marcia santiago, 44, who had filed a domestic violence injunction against him, was left fighting for her life.
footage shows the gunman minutes before and after the shooting.
police say baumet stole a car from roberto colon, 28, who was found dead in his home.
633	a french artist has turned the sides of urban public spaces into emergency shelters.
erected in just 12 hours, the domes provide a sleeping space for 47 people per night.
by building them on a wall, the artist hopes to make france's homelessness problem visible.
634	internal air force review showed failure at air force base in montana.
u.s air force called the failure at malmstorm a 'critical deficiency'
review obtained through a freedom of information act request.
635	discovery is the first example of cultural conformity in non-primate animals.
adapting to local traditions was a key factor in evolution of human culture.
university of oxford scientists made the discovery while studying how great tits learned to raid milk bottles and how it spread around britain.
ten great tits from wytham wood in oxford were taught to open puzzle boxes to get food and within weeks it had spread to hundreds of birds.
researchers say their findings challenge conventional beliefs about the development of culture in birds and other non-primate animals.
636	the duchess of cambridge pictured arriving at the diplomatic reception.
she was seen arriving at buckingham palace in chauffeur-driven bentley.
the duchess appeared to be wearing matching earrings and a white dress.
it is the first time she has been seen with a tiara since the royal wedding.
she had her hair in a half up, half down style to show off the diamonds.
637	raheem sterling was sent off for a late challenge on antonio valencia.
england drew 2-2 with ecuador in miami on wednesday night.
valencia also saw red for his reaction.
638	images show fbi officers in body armour raiding home of paul kevin curtis, 45 in corinth, mississippi.
the elvis impersonator was arrested on wednesday evening at his.
apartment.
charged thursday with threatening the president  but claimed his innocence.
fbi believe he is responsible for mailing three letters laced with ricin to the president.
also suspected of sending poisoned letters to senator roger wicker from mississippi and a mississippi judge.
envelopes to obama and wicker both signed 'i am kc and i approve this message'
639	arabs living in sinjar claim yazidis have carried out attacks in their villages.
claim 21 people have been killed over past two weeks and 17 are missing.
locals believe yazidis are exacting revenge on muslims who helped isis.
terror group murdered hundreds of yazidis during attacks last summer.
thousands more have were captured and sold into slavery by terrorists.
those who survived are now returning to the homes they were force to flee.
640	25-year-old had taken parents to court demanding $588 monthly allowance.
judge gave him 30 days to leave home and find work.
parents ordered to pay $292 monthly food stipend for 2 years.
spain youth unemployment rate is 40.5%, highest in the eu.
641	image showed a naked sunbather with seagull protecting her modesty.
picture appeared on his twitter feed with caption 'those pesky pigeons'
later tells his 30,000 followers 'i am in a good mood today for no reason...'
asked whether account was hacked, he replied 'no...just lighthearted today'
642	president obama nominates ash carter as defense secretary.
carter will replace the outgoing defense secretary chuck hagel.
643	a boeing 777 plane from honolulu to guam is diverted to midway island.
a passenger says many got off plane before takeoff because of smell.
"the captain said there was smoke in the cockpit" during flight, she adds.
"i started to gag because of the smell of chemicals," she says.
644	top flight veteran signs to play under former team mate sean dyche.
reid is burnley's fifth summer signing before their premier league return.
dyche praises reid's experience and says it was a reason for signing him.
645	religious freedom watchdog group urges protection of iraq's minority religions.
situation severe enough to merit response from united states, group says.
smaller groups don't have militias or tribal structures to protect them.
incoming u.s. administration urged to ensure "safety for all iraqis"
646	officials from 68 councils and quangos attended conference in cannes.
deals with property moguls secured at champagne receptions on yachts.
first day of events included elaborate fireworks and party on the beach.
attendees then drank the night away in top bars and restaurants.
647	angel carromero is sentenced to four years in prison.
he was accused of reckless driving after a july car crash.
well-known cuban dissident oswaldo paya died in the crash.
his widow said she didn't believe government accounts that it was an accident.
648	axe likely to fall at portsmouth, govan and scotstoun shipyards.
it is feared there will be no more work once two new carriers are finished.
649	a report by nice says that patients who have lost their baby are often dealt with by 'insensitive' doctors, nurses and receptionists.
many are left to wait on wards where they can hear others giving birth, according to the report.
650	advertising standards agency got 55 complaints about beagle street advert.
it was given a restriction to not be shown during kids programmes.
but was shown during the day and early evening on itv and channel 4.
one parent said: 'my two-year-old experienced terrible nightmares'
651	retired colonel john wilkerson is a republican who served as general colin powell's chief of staff.
john sununu claims mr powell is supporting the president's election campaign because of their shared race.
says the former us secretary of state - who is african american - did not make decision based on policy.
poll show race for white house is racially divided with obama supported by 80% of black and hispanic voters but just 37% of whites.
data also shows president is struggling to connect with whites who voted for him four years ago.
652	musican leaves his wife after a row before moving into a beach tent with his piano.
ben treuhaft's mother jessica was one of the notorious mitford sisters.
his aunt diana divorced the heir to the guinness fortune to marry fascist leader sir oswald mosley.
a second aunt, unity, was a personal friend of german dictator adolf hitler.
653	over 1,200 wind turbines are to become operational over the next 12 months.
the uk has become the third highest wind power generator in europe.
turbines already in use generate enough energy to power over 4.6m homes.
654	juventus are pushing ahead with their £2m pursuit of france captain evra.
italian champions will offer evra a contract worth £55,000-a-week after tax.
new united manager louis van gaal wants juve's arturo vidal.
but juventus are holding out for £37m for their chilean midfielder.
655	patrick stewart played capt. jean-luc picard on "star trek: the next generation"
queen elizabeth ii bestows knighthood on actor who's played kings, princes, captains.
others on honors list include designers, restaurateurs, formula 1 racing figures.
honors given twice a year -- at new year's and on queen's birthday in june.
656	debra cox, 37, applied for personal loans in the names of in-laws then 'drip-fed' money into mother carol collier's account, the court heard.
the pair, from ilford, east london, lavished luxury holidays in the sun on themselves, jury told.
judge at snaresbrook crown court jailed cox for four years and collier for 15 months.
657	rob law was sent packing from the den in 2006 after a strap on his children's ride-on suitcase broke during a demonstration.
he has since sold two million cases and turns over £7million a year.
but in 2010 a rival firm pms international limited marketed a new product, the kiddee case, sparking a legal battle.
appeal court judges today ruled the 'more rounded' kiddee case is 'very different' to the trunki's 'sleek and stylised' appearance.
court ruled the kiddee case does not breach mr law's design rights.
658	rufus hound, 34, revealed his ambitions on itv's jonathan ross show.
he accused the government of 'privatising' the national health service.
also claimed conservatives want to sell off the nhs to rich party donors.
659	in a new interview with a german tv channel, edward snowden reveals that threats have been made against his life.
the former nsa contractor says us government officials 'would love to put a bullet in my head'
he also shares claims of a poisoning scheme where he could be 'poked' exiting a supermarket and then die later at home.
snowden continues to hide out in russia.
he says a fair u.s. trial is hopeless as the espionage act 'forbids public interest defense'
660	mps expressed ‘major concerns’ at the number of service personnel missing from crucial posts.
key trades including bomb disposal experts, interrogators and electronic warfare operators are having to cope with vacancies.
shocking new figures show the army has a shortfall of some 700 intelligence officers.
661	andy nowicki started smoking in the army when the u.s. government gave him free cigarettes as he fought the nazis in europe and africa.
mr. nowicki won a bronze star and two purple hearts during the war.
the housing authority implemented a no smoking policy 18 months ago and is evicting mr. nowicki - who has mobility problems - for not walking to the specified smoking area at the complex.
662	israel's media restrictions have prevented journalists from entering gaza.
hamas accused by israel of exploiting the deaths of civilians through media.
israel: restrictions avoid interference in military operations.
inside gaza hamas has controlled the images broadcast by the media.
663	new: the six suspects are ethnic uyghurs, police say.
new: two air marshals and two flight attendants are injured.
new: uyghurs and han chinese have had rocky relations.
new: the country plans to honor the crew members, and passengers who offered help.
664	13 inmates escape from the same facility where 32 escaped sept. 1.
most have been recaptured and returned to woodland hills youth development center.
two juveniles overpowered a guard and took his keys.
guards say they have few methods to control the youth.
665	showers were banned after women's' belongings were stolen.
size 20 and weighing 15 stone rose west has become an 'avid' gym goer.
murderer west and fellow inmates have written a letter of complaint.
they are fuming and claim they are left feeling 'filthy' and 'degraded'
prison spokesman said there is 'ample' time for inmates to wash in their living areas before going to work or take part in afternoon activities.
666	egypt's sinai peninsula is becoming more lawless, sen. mark udall says.
instability there jeopardizes the 34-year-old peace between egypt and israel, he says.
udall: human trafficking in the sinai has become a human rights nightmare.
bolstering the sinai's long-term economic prospects could begin to help, udall says.
667	police arrest at least 20 demonstrators, cnn affiliate reports.
mall management asks organizers not to hold the protests on its private property.
hundreds chant, hold up their hands and lie down to play dead.
mall of america says it's the nation's largest.
668	civil servants given two and a half 'privilege' days on top of 30 days annual leave.
one of the extra days was given to the civil service by the queen on her coronation 60 years ago.
669	lz granderson: should tea party split now that budget deal seems headed for approval?
he says john boehner's rant, new rules for 2016 primaries show gop reining in tea party.
he says americans want third party and tea partiers say gop isn't conservative enough.
granderson: given its beliefs and far-right funding, does tea party need to stay with gop?
670	writers: a year after fukushima, the nrc is dragging heels on reactor safety proposals.
nrc has taken up some of its task force recommendations, they say, but not the top one.
they say the agency ignores its inadequate evacuation and spent fuel storage plans.
writers: the nuclear industry is filling the gap with a low-budget, potentially ineffective plan.
671	harriet harman 'surprised everyone' by making the request of the pm.
which even her own labour party colleagues labelled as 'farcical'
ed miliband was also urged to put a 'sunset clause' on bombing iraq.
672	atletico madrid beat rayo vallecano 4-2 in la liga on sunday.
barcelona also win beating malaga 3-0 to return to top of table.
athletic bilbao thrash osasuna 5-1; almeria beat getafe 1-0.
673	anti-corruption campaigner alexei navalny scored around one third of the vote against the incumbent in exit polls.
bland technocrat sergei sobyanin, a leading putin acolyte, appeared to be edging towards victor.
even state-funded news agency dubbed navalny’s performance as ‘staggering’
674	new: the judge tells lohan if she pleads, "you are going to jail, period!"
new: "i get the impression you're not going to accept the da's offer," the judge says.
the lapd charged lohan with stealing a necklace from a jewelry store.
lohan entered a "not guilty" plea on february 9.
675	66-year-old fell out of digger and into 13ft deep pit.
digger also fell into pit and landed on top of him.
accident happened in sella, near alicante.
676	only 59 per cent of all homes for sale are considered affordable for the middle class, which is a drop of 62 per cent from one year ago.
best affordable cities  are in ohio and the great lakes region while most expensive are on the coasts.
six of the ten cities where homeownership is lead affordable are in california.
677	kevin richardson, also known as the lion whisperer, has a game of football with three real lions in south africa.
zookeeper has been working with the animals his entire adult life, building up a rapport with them.
footage was filmed as part of a world cup promotion for dutch suit maker van gils.
the 40-year-old says he is able to feed, call, stroke, cuddle and sleep next to the feared predators.
678	scientists were able to predict navigational skills based on a brain scan.
activity increases in 'entorhinal' region when someone follows directions.
in those with a poor sense of direction, the signals in this area are fuzzier.
this is the same region we use to work out which direction we are facing.
brain region is affected by alzheimer's explaining why sufferers get lost.
679	mandla mandela accused of cutting £250,000 deal.
680	milford schools superintendent elizabeth feser says school acted in "good faith"
third-grader ikeoluwa opayemi was kept out of school amid ebola fears, a lawsuit says.
she had recently returned from a trip to lagos, nigeria, for a family wedding.
a local health official said she was kept out school because of "rumors" and "panic"
681	the red bull imaginate clip was dreamt up by stuntman danny macaskill.
the 27-year-old is seen performing stunts in an over-sized playroom.
filmed at glasgow's old transport museum, the clip took two years to make.
682	travellers housed vulnerable men in squalid conditions and exploited them.
they got the taxpayers' cash despite fortune from exploitation.
john connors, 31, sentenced to 40 months imprisonment.
brother-in-law william connors, 35, sentenced to 30 months in prison.
683	two blasts in baghdad over the weekend killed more than 150 people.
one video view shows cars traveling around a traffic circle before a huge blast.
another camera shows charred cars covered in debris from the other blast.
sunday's attacks were the deadliest on iraqi civilians since august 2007.
684	ann-marie noble was told in april that her cervical cancer is terminal.
diagnosed after a routine smear test and given the all-clear last october.
just a few months later she learnt the cancer had returned and spread.
has drawn up a list of things to do before she dies - including having tea at the ritz, being a bridesmaid and flying in a hot air balloon.
685	laura lowden, from edinburgh, went into labour at 30 weeks on february 5.
twins blair and innes taken to intensive care where they learned to breathe.
one week later, twins were placed side-by-side in an incubator for first time.
they reached out towards one another, holding hands in a brotherly bond.
mrs lowden said: 'this will always remain a very special moment for us'
686	michael gove and his dog snowy come second in westminster pets contest.
chief whip narrowly beaten by labour mp rob flello's german shepherd.
dachsund called sausage, owned by tory mp laurence robertson, in third.
nadine dorries' westie and andrew mitchell's springer spaniel among losers.
687	kiev convinced moscow is strengthening troop presence on its borders.
president petro poroshenko said: 'i am not afraid of a war with russia'
he claimed his army is now better prepared to defend its territory.
688	george osborne given a bingo lesson from shirley nixon, 81.
bingo tax was halved from 20% to 10% and 1p off a pint in the budget.
tory ad helping 'hardworking people' do what 'they' enjoy sparked row.
689	roy hodgson initially claimed manaus was 'not ideal' for world cup opener.
state governor omar aziz said they had hoped for a 'better' side to come.
now england manager says in letter that trip to jungle is 'dream come true'
690	the tree is a nordman fir which stadns at 20ft tall took ten years to grow.
picked by competition winner with runner-up giving second tree for inside.
lights switched on for first time during ceremony tomorrow afternoon.
691	thanks to growing number of web tools, some say the resume is already obsolete.
job recruiter says she never accepts a paper resume.
one new york firm asked for twitter, blog posts, videos -- but not resumes.
reports say facebook may be launching a jobs board.
692	josef moscicki was jailed for life for the murder of bernard smith, 83.
the 23-year-old will spend a minimum of 21 years behind bars, court hears.
he had downed vodka and coke in a nightclub on christmas day last year.
mosciki had only just got his driving licence back four weeks earlier.
ran over mr smith in his van and dragged him 650ft along the road.
then he returned and deliberately drove over the dying pensioner.
judge said no sentence he could pass 'reduce' loss felt by family.
693	patrick kueng wins first downhill world cup race on home soil in switzerland.
the famous long course at wengen had to be shortened because of high winds.
kueng said he had thought of quitting skiing after a terrible accident in 2006.
american ted ligety tunes up for 2014 winter olympics with combined win.
694	christmas schedules see ratings battle between bbc1's eastenders and itv's downton abbey.
itv gave a tantalising peek at this year’s downton special, set six months from the end of series four.
eastenders will see the debut of hard man actor danny dyer as.
the new landlord of the queen vic.
695	lincoln-based gang hit 20 churches over three counties in nine months.
they made almost £70,000 from selling stolen lead but six were arrested.
lincolnshire was badly-hit last year but raids have fallen 90% since arrests.
696	georgia mayor christopher dawson, 23, shot in the leg during an attempted home invasion last night.
he is in a stable condition in hospital.
his mother was injured after being tied up.
police are investigating.
697	lewis holtby is on loan at bundesliga side hamburg from tottenham.
holtby broke his collarbone during a friendly with eintracht frankfurt.
he will undergo surgery and is likely to miss around 10 weeks.
698	the galaxy entered the game as the clear favorite.
the sole goal came in the 72 minute.
beckham's contract expires at the end of this year.
referring to other teams' interest, he says, "it's always nice to be wanted"
699	the 20-year-old, known only as tobias, died instantly from head injuries after sunday's stunt went wrong.
bizarre incident took place in oberviehbach, germany.
700	samuel epps, 11, shot himself after getting into an argument about his chores tuesday evening.
pinal county sheriff paul babeu has said the death is an apparent suicide.
the young boy used a weapon belonging to his father.
701	nissan says it will have a driverless car on the road by 2020.
google began road-testing self-driving cars in 2010.
audi and toyota have displayed prototypes.
702	borger: gop candidates are wandering campaign trail with etch a sketch toys.
she says neither gingrich nor santorum can win, so why continue?
in 2008, romney knew to get out after "he saw the handwriting on the wall," she says.
borger: santorum, gingrich can prolong the race, but would they be blamed for a gop loss?
703	davion only revealed his room at group home in st petersburg, florida - one of many institutions he has lived in his entire life.
his foster home has been inundated with 500 calls about davion since he asked for someone to adopt him at church last month.
the teenage orphan's story has been read by 400,000 on mailonline and spread throughout facebook and.
social media.
teenager said: 'if you can, reach out and get me and love me until i die'
704	the nba bad boy credits a psychologist with turning around his life.
now ron artest wants to raise money for youths who can't afford mental health care.
he and the los angeles lakers just received their championship rings tuesday.
artest: "having someone to talk to is very important"
705	"the social network" is up for eight awards.
"the king's speech" gathered 12 oscar nominations.
the cowboy remake "true grit" is nominated 10 times.
706	three-bedroom 1960s concrete property in hornton street, kensington, has gone on the market for £8.5million.
the house includes a swimming pool, sauna and two parking spaces described by estate agents as 'gold-dust'
brutalist architecture has previously been described as 'monstrous' and has vocal critics including prince charles.
707	police were called to large £350,000 four-bedroom property in wickford.
discovered body of 46-year-old accountant tolu kalejaiye at 10am today.
son arrested soon after by essex police officers and remains in custody.
708	agnetha faltskog has been tempted out of retirement.
made decision after hearing new set of songs written for her.
she joins a number of 70s stars who have made comebacks recently.
709	experts say 'days are numbered' for the traditional desktop computer.
microsoft's windows 8 software under fire for 'making too many changes'
710	a new generation of cuban-americans is re-thinking the 50 year-old embargo.
democratic politicians have endorsed ending the embargo.
711	apple has launched two new iphones, one for early adopters and one for budget crowd.
tech journalist stuart miles says apple is staying within its remit of keeping things simple.
most importantly, the company is expanding in new markets like china and japan.
712	mark entwistle and accomplices drew mortgages on other peoples' homes.
but  cash  used to pay off debts and fund rich lifestyle including luxury boat.
he recruited solicitor jonathan gilbert, 45, to con top lenders including rbs.
mortgage brokers matthew robinson and nicholas pomroy also helped scam.
some victims in windsor, berkshire, had to move out of their family homes.
four fraudsters jailed for 34 years between them at southwark crown court.
judge branded entwistle, 47, 'arrogant, greedy and brazen to the last'
713	1962 computer would have cost £4.2 million pounds to build built today.
two dedicated engineers have spent nine years resurrecting the machine, which starred as a prop in dozens of tv shows and films including dr who and the man with the golden gun.
team now face the painstaking task of using 27 reels of magnetic tape and 100,000 punch cards to recover the computer's software.
machine has roughly the same computing power as a digital watch.
714	survey found adults can't let go of childhood christmas routine.
one in three middle aged brits still use an advent calendar.
one third of grown-ups also leave gifts under the tree.
715	lewis hamilton has claimed in the past that his talents are god-given.
the racing driver has a large cross and the words still i rise on his back.
also has a tattoo of mary and jesus on his shoulder, a heart and cross on his inner elbow and an angel on his forearm.
716	lib dem leader calls for probe into allegations of a conspiracy among senior politicians.
accuses smith of 'truly grotesque acts'
incumbent rochdale mp welcomes deputy pm's change of heart.
717	africa's first museum dedicated to design opened its doors late last month.
based in n johannesburg, the museum of african design aims to be a "cultural hub"
its first full-length exhibition starts today and runs until february 9.
called "native nostalgia," it features mixed media creations from several african artists.
718	the walrus was spotted on the shore of one of the orkney islands today.
the animal is thought to be a young male and is in good health.
walruses populations are concentrated around the north pole and arctic ocean areas over 2,000 miles away from orkney.
719	max cisotti lives in sussex with his wife claire and their two children.
his collection of 60 pairs of shoes has cost well-over £10,000.
men aged 35 to 44 spent £157 on shoes last year, women spent £138.
those aged 16 to 24 spent £154, 15% more than women that age.
720	latest vvb collection is more masculine and subdued than previous efforts.
goes on sale via victoria's website today.
it's for women who drink espresso and 'devour books and art and film'
and the vvb girl goes for boots or midis - she doesn't wear high heels!
721	timothy seaux, 27, was charged with menacing, criminal mischief, assaulting a public safety officer, and resisting arrest.
officers said he refused to stop kicking when they arrived at the scene and had to be sedated after kneeing one trooper.
seaux was out-of-control at oregon's jefferson county hemp expo, a three-day music festival and hemp education event.
722	bolton's mark davies is being targeted by qpr.
harry redknapp hoping to increase his squad ahead of new season.
723	doctors without borders embark on vaccination campaign to combat outbreak.
vaccinations being done in niger, nigeria, chad, where over 56,000 cases reported.
5.4 million people have been treated, vaccinated; 1.7 million more to be vaccinated.
over 1,900 people have died in this outbreak since january.
724	david rothkopf: it takes a real man, putin, to "make moves" on china leader's wife at apec.
putin put shawl on her, and media went nuts because public is an adolescent boy, he says.
forget climate deal, isis, ebola, he says, when focus is on obama chewing gum.
rothkopf: these nonevents have increased in recent years, and we're to blame.
725	new hashtags spring up mocking police in several u.s. cities.
new york police ask folks on twitter to post photos, using hashtag #mynypd.
the response was swift -- and overwhelmingly negative.
a spokeswoman defends the campaign: "this is an open dialogue good for our city"
726	erin dimeglio, 17, played in a fourth-quarter mop-up role in her team's winning effort on friday.
727	levi blu cassin, 22 months, died from 'major internal injuries', jury hears.
his small intestine had split in two as a result of 'significant blows'
he died in hospital after being found with no pulse at his mother's home.
parents danielle cassin, 27, and mark piper, 31, are accused of murder.
pair are also on trial at birmingham crown court for child cruelty.
court hears toddler's injuries could not have been caused by accident.
728	paul doering, 49, used live ammunition instead of blanks in staged gun battle last year.
sentenced to seven and a half years in jail.
729	julio resto, 51, pleaded not guilty to murdering wife gloria, 42, wednesday.
but police say he tried to strangle her before stabbing her at boston home.
they claim he then made failed suicide attempt before turning himself in.
say he went to police station with knife and yelled 'shoot me' to officers.
730	karen mccann caught with 66 cannabis plants and £18,000 in cash at home.
stole thousands of pounds of electricity after bypassing meter to run farm.
court heard plants produced four harvests per year worth £37,600 each.
mccann,  a former school dinner lady, jailed for three years and four months.
731	hamyd handed himself into police after his name was circulated on twitter.
suspected of being the getaway driver in the charlie hebdo massacre.
sister believed to be married to suspect cherif kouachi, who is on the run.
but classmates claim suspected terrorist was in class at time of the killings.
friends say 18-year-old is 'a good guy' who is not a radicalised islamist.
732	chicago covers alleys with special concrete that cleans polluted rain runoff.
microbes in concrete eat pollutants such as fertilizer and oil.
solution avoids having to rebuild city's massive alley system.
unique concrete also helps to keep city cooler on sunny days.
733	tony little was once himself a pupil at the prestigious school.
but he thinks the constraints of 'traditional' examinations limit pupils' learning.
students at eton already take igcses regarded as tougher alternatives to gcses in preparation for application to oxford and cambridge universities.
734	smugglers charged up to $66,000 to bring migrants into europe and the u.s., police say.
spanish police arrested two suspects they called the ringleaders and 49 others.
another 24 were arrested in france after a two-year probe.
735	american rookie named on official entry list for this weekend's race.
marussia are yet to confirm their plans for inaugural russian grand prix, with the inclusion of reserve driver rossi on fia list  a formality.
british-based team considering options and will make decision on friday.
bianchi remains in hospital after horror crash at sunday's race in japan.
736	new: justice, fda investigators at facility tied to meningitis outbreak.
the outbreak has been linked to the massachusetts compounding pharmacy.
the number of cases is now up to 214 with 15 deaths, according to the cdc.
737	senator webb of virginia warns of terror threat to offshore oil rigs.
webb asks federal agencies to report on security measures.
webb says rigs must be protected, much like nuclear reactors.
738	father changed phone companies and was given 'recycled' number.
he then started receiving phone calls from debt collection companies.
his attempts to switch numbers were delayed by phone company.
police then turned up at his front door in the morning and arrested him.
he escorted away from this two young daughters and kept in the cells.
dorset resident was finally told he would not face charges this month.
739	comes despite ep's transport committee rejecting rules amid safety fears.
british pilots union balpa says regulations are 'unsafe and discredited'
740	madonna badger's parents and three children were killed in a house fire two years ago.
the christmas tragedy left badger mentally and emotionally unmoored.
badger moved in with a friend to recuperate and gradually found her way back.
she shares in a personal essay for vogue magazine the steps she took to rebuild her life.
741	raheem sterling's agent aidy ward is leaving impact sports management.
ward will start his own business taking sterling and saido berahino too.
2015 cricket world cup highlights are likely to not be presenter led.
742	residents in ferguson, missouri, plan to march about the case of michael brown.
cedric alexander: we have to find ways for police and communities of color to work together.
he says we should support and respect police officers who are trying to protect citizens.
alexander: let's find ways to dispel and reduce the anxiety and fear that is on both sides.
743	comedian kate micucci plays the ukulele, which helped her get a part on "scrubs"
micucci is part of a comedy band called garfunkel & oates.
their political song, "sex with ducks," is about gay marriage.
744	sami hyypia was appointed as brighton & hove albion boss in summer.
seagulls are languishing in the championship's relegation zone.
hyypia could be sacked within the next 24 hours by the club.
tim sherwood and tony pulis head list of potential replacements.
745	anderson has driven american media coverage of the church abuse scandal.
in 1983, he was one of the only lawyers in the country taking on such cases.
he has been a key figure in bulk of settlements u.s. catholic church has paid out.
critics: anderson's work is aimed more at attracting publicity than getting justice.
746	the facebook severs short circuited after a building's cooling system malfunctioned and caused an actual rain cloud to form inside the building.
hot air from the computer equipment being taken in to the air conditioning system caused the air being pushed back out of the unit to condense and fall as rain.
747	health officials say at least seven people killed and 39 more injured in clashes in mariupol.
ukraine's acting interior minister says about 20 militants killed, 4 detained in mariupol.
"we will overcome all the difficulties," says russian president vladimir putin.
putin watches as warships and military aircraft take part in displays in sevastopol, crimea.
748	many older roman catholics equate the castro brothers with the devil.
miami archbishop thomas wenski acknowledged that some catholics are 'concerned or suspicious'
francis, the first latin american pope, has advocated for an end to the u.s. embargo since participating in john paul's visit to cuba as the soon-to-be-named cardinal of buenos aires.
749	sydney's house price growth was 15.4 per cent in 12 months to june 30.
an average sydney property, according to rp data, now costs $690,000.
melbourne had 9.4 per cent growth and hobart, the lowest, had 2.5 per cent.
economists say house prices have peaked and will wane in next 12 months.
750	the 31-year-old - who completed a stint rehab in april for substance addiction -  died at the fairmont pacific rim hotel.
the actor was found by cleaning staff when he didn't check out of his hotel room on saturday.
751	pahoa, on hawaii's big island, is known for luscious fields of anthurium plants and papaya trees.
lava that erupted from kilauea mountain on june 27 has finally reached the downtown area, obliterated fields.
the main flow has halted but breakouts have transformed the town into a sea of molten ash.
pahoa has the highest concentration of old buildings in hawaii, residents are prepared for evacuation.
752	charity church action on poverty has created the billboard.
features the design of saatchi an saatchi's famous tory election poster.
slogan labour isn't working replaced with britain isn't eating.
advert blames benefit reforms for more people using food banks.
iain duncan smith has labelled the campaign 'scaremongering'
753	diplomat was kidnapped and his bodyguard killed in peshawar, northwest pakistan.
authorities believe he was kidnapped while traveling from his home to consulate.
on wednesday, gunmen shot and killed an american aid worker in peshawar.
754	timothy john mcloughlin was driving dangerously before crashing truck.
graham devlin, 55, was catapulted from his bike and died instantly.
victim was on a cyclepath and 'should have been entirely safe' from harm.
likely that text message sent by mcloughlin contributed to the fatal crash.
driver went on holiday to egypt before contacting the police about accident.
'destroyed' family had called for the driver to be 'severely punished'
755	it's been 150 years since john lewis opened its doors on oxford street.
it has since become one of britain's most popular department stores.
its clientele has included royalty like queen victoria.
756	declassified version of house intelligence committee is released.
it concludes there was no intelligence failure prior to the attack.
report describes a 'flawed' process used to create talking points for susan rice.
757	computer scientists from oxford university have highest graduate salaries.
they earn an average of £43,895 six months after leaving university.
figure almost four times that of graduates in drama and dance from essex.
science degrees are increasingly the path to higher salaries, figures reveal.
758	the draft agreement will serve as the basis for a treaty to be signed in paris next year.
richer countries agree to foot more of the bill in the battle against climate change.
developed and developing countries will have different responsibilities.
759	new: the player's association says owners are more dug in than in the past.
the commissioner says the sides are far apart, and no new talks are scheduled.
the league's owners began a lockout of its players in early july.
sides are deadlocked over salaries, revenue sharing.
760	five people, 3 of them children, died in the 2009 crash in southwest atlanta.
judge calls it "the hardest case i have ever dealt with"
aimee michael, 24, is convicted on multiple counts, including homicide.
her mother, sheila got 8 years for her role in hindering her daughter's arrest.
761	antonio gleidson rodrigues, 32, is the self-proclaimed number one michael jackson impersonator in brazil.
he has had rhinoplasty to imitate the king of pop and spends around four hours each day rehearsing his dance moves.
he had his first operation five years ago when he had his nasal septum corrected to allow him to reach higher notes when singing.
762	producers insist they are not trying to 'scare' childless couples.
series from the creators of teen mom, 16 & pregnant, and jersey shore.
763	new: heathrow boss colin matthews will not take his bonus for 2010.
new: matthews' salary and bonuses totalled $1.45 million in 2009, according to pa.
heathrow operating at 70% capacity wednesday, around 400 flights canceled.
cancellations at gatwick and frankfurt airports due to "knock-on" effect from other airports.
764	comedian russell peters sells out arenas in countries around the world.
he feels like an outsider because he is indian and canadian.
his comedy focuses on race and class.
765	allan healy and margaret mitchell were separated in 1954 when their parents split up and their father moved from dundee to plymouth.
mr healy, 66, used facebook to track down his 67-year-old sister.
he was also reunited with his mother having assumed she must be dead.
766	fifa have fined ivory coast football federation 50,000 swiss francs ($46,800)
this follows the tragedy in march which saw 22 supporters crushed to death.
fifa also impose 20,000 attendance limit at felix houphouet-boigny stadium.
767	alfred eisenstaedt used leica iiia rangefinder to capture famous image.
camera which took picture heralding allied victory was made in germany.
jewish photographer had been forced to flee his homeland due to nazis.
camera sold for five times its estimate at auction in vienna, austria.
768	a newborn baby was discovered on a footpath in melbourne, australia, yesterday.
it was found under a tree just metres from st albans primary school.
an 18-year-old woman was in police custody but released without charge.
police are no longer looking for suspects.
769	james ward was close to infiltrating the men's top 100, but missed out.
still, it has been an impressive rise for the 27-year-old this year.
elena baltacha's tragic death put tennis into perspective.
britain's progress to the davis cup quarter-finals was a highlight.
770	ahmed dogan was giving speech at conference in capital sofia.
dramatic footage shows man storming the stage and attempting to shoot the politician from point blank range.
weapon fails to fire allowing mr dogan time to escape.
security guards and politicians kick and beat attacker to the ground.
771	rafael nadal admits he's been diagnosed with appendicitis on the eve of the shanghai masters.
but world number two opts to play on and enter the main draw of the tournament.
he comes unstuck in straight sets against countryman feliciano lopez 6-3 7-6.
new: roger federer saves five match points before going through in china.
772	data came from an online tool that scans tweets for dream-related words.
the most bad dreams were reported by people in leicester and leeds.
majority of good dreams were reported by residents of swansea and hull.
nationally, 71 per cent of people had nightmares and 9% had weird dreams.
773	evolutionary biologists in germany and croatia found the disease is more evolved than previously thought.
they reached the sobering conclusion: the disease is here to stay.
found the first evidence of tumours in hydra - simple freshwater animals.
suggests cancer is as old as multi-cellular life on earth but researchers said it does not mean medical technology can't fight the disease.
professor thomas bosch, said: 'knowing your enemy from its origins is the best way to fight it and win many battles'
774	liam kenward, 14, has collected more than 200 flags in the past 10 years.
he enjoyed flying five at a time on two 20ft flagpoles in his secluded garden.
schoolboy would rotate selection every day and teach children about flags.
but now he is only allowed to fly two at a time after anonymous complaint.
planning officers say he can only have one flagpole a maximum of 10 ft tall.
775	christine bleakley obtained 'shreddies' for both herself and her fiance.
award-winning underwear contains discrete carbon back panel.
776	sir hugh orde said fear was used to protect the man wanted for two murders, who allegedly killed two policewomen while on the run.
acpo boss said same happened in northern ireland where fear was used as a tool to ensure silence in communities.
it is alleged cregan was sleeping in a shed behind a pub and had a £50,000 reward for information hanging over him.
greater manchester police boss peter fahy has pledged to track down those who protected him for over a month.
777	pm made the crass joke at a gathering in downing street last night.
he also avoided a last ditch campaign stop to scotland today.
comes despite scotland's future in the uk hanging by a thread.
mr cameron today ruled out resigning if scotland votes 'yes' tomorrow.
also insisted he had no 'regrets' about the way he has handled the campaign.
778	copenhagen-based illegal! has started selling issues in east london.
sellers can tell buyer: 'i'll more than likely spend the money on drugs'
addicts buy magazine for £1.50 and can then sell to public for £3.50.
buyers can help sellers get income 'beyond theft and prostitution'
local inspector 'not a big fan' but it's not clear if practice is illegal.
779	victor valdes to sign 18-month contract with premier league club.
the spaniard will rival compatriot david de gea for the no 1 shirt.
united are set to step up contract talks with de gea to tie up his future.
780	house speaker john boehner turned to pop star taylor swift to make his case on president obama's free community college proposal.
the gop leader paired swift gifs and gop arguments opposed to the proposal in a buzzy blog post.
swift is a favorite of the gop as it looks to expand its appeal for 2016.
781	high speed rail preparation bill would allow ministers to secure route.
it will give them funds and powers to buy property along the way.
782	explicit script is parody of james bond and written by fourth year medics.
all five scenes are based around sex and it ends with rape of main character.
it has caused outrage at liverpool university among staff and students.
783	marco verratti, five, reported father arturo, 38, to authorities.
arturo believed satan had convinced his son to support a rival team.
son was forced to sing juventus songs and wear team strip 24 hours a day.
784	alexis kane, 14, found dead in kansas city's bay water park, january 11.
isaac m carter, 17, ce-antonyo d kennedy, 17, and dominic mcdaniel, 18, charged with first-degree murder on sunday.
police said there is no apparent motive for the slaying.
surveillance footage shows alexis get in white chrysler an hour before.
at 5am car arrives at the park, alexis is pistol-whipped, shot at least 5 times.
785	dior claims new foundation, diorskin star, makes you 'more photogenic'
makeup's titanium ingredient help 'neutralise skin's imperfections'
four in ten women 'look to their foundation for photo confidence'
natalie portman is the face of the £32 face makeup, out now.
786	elderly zen buddhist teacher accused of sexually abusing his students.
joshu sasaki, aged 105, groped and harassed women for 50 years.
complaints have circulated since the 70s but have been ignored.
majority of those who brought up abuse were isolated or excommunicated.
787	mark schwarzer has not featured in any games for chelsea this season.
42-year-old will bolster leicester's goalkeeping options.
current foxes first-choice goalkeeper kasper schmeichel is out injured.
788	graziano pelle poked the ball home in the 24th minute following a goalmouth scramble.
malta captain michael mifsud was sent off for a foul on alessandro florenzi.
italy maintained 100 per cent start in group h of european championship qualifying.
789	british researchers have decoded a key defence mechanism.
breakthrough paves the way for new drugs to treat those bugs.
it follows warnings that the rise of antibiotic-resistant superbugs could drag the health service back to the 19th century.
790	manchester united under 18s beat derby county 1-0 on saturday.
oliver rathbone scored an audacious lob in the 90th minute.
the midfielder was signed as an academy player back in 2013.
goal was reminiscent of wayne rooney's brilliant strike against west ham.
click here for all the latest manchester united news.
791	"he admitted playing with matches and starting the fire," says police report.
boy, whose name and age were not given, is home with his parents.
buckweed fire burned 38,000 acres, destroyed 63 structures, 21 of them homes.
792	victims' group calls for action not words, says francis should take a new path.
francis calls on the church hierarchy to "act decisively" against sexual abuse.
he urges measures to boost protection for children, the vatican says.
the catholic church has been rocked by claims of priests sexually abusing minors.
793	douglas carswell resigned from the conservative party and parliament.
he said david cameron was 'not serious about changes country needed'
ukip once derided by cameron as ‘fruitcakes, loonies and closet racists’
794	cnn tech columnist chris pirillo offers 10 tips on how to be a good twitterer.
say whatever you feel, but also remember that it could exist on the web forever.
crowdsource. if you have an idea, or a question, don't hold it in -- let it be known!
keep your eye out for tweetups, which are meetups for people on twitter.
795	police in india charge 63 people with murdering company boss who fired them.
mob of fired employees attacked chief executive of italian car parts company.
india's labor minister apologizes for saying death is warning to management.
796	shayk was in london to promote hercules, which is released on july 25.
the russian model will make her cinematic debut alongside the rock.
she posed in trafalgar square alongside the lions at nelson's column.
boyfriend ronaldo and his portugal side exited world cup at group stage.
797	gibson's maserati hit a rocky hillside for "unknown reasons," highway patrol says.
alcohol is not suspected in the wreck, it says.
gibson was unhurt.
798	exhibition brings together the.
dresses, robes, and gowns made for the queen and her immediate family.
for the first time since the historic event.
will be staged during the summer opening of buckingham palace.
queen elizabeth was crowned at westminster abbey on june 2 1953.
799	sarah ward's son freddie was nine months old when she had triplets.
she and partner benn smith from crayford, london, were shocked at arrival.
but the couple, freddie, stanley, daisy and reggie are now all happy.
it came after she booked tests with a gp because she could not conceive.
former care manager, 29, joked: 'it feels more like a nursery than a home'
800	shocking footage shows the moment a drunk bar patron was tasered by police.
the 25-year-old unidentified man resisted arrest outside a canadian waterhole on thursday night.
witnesses said he was about to fight with another patron before five officers arrived.
801	blyth spartans are through to the fa cup third round.
the northern league side beat league two hartlepool in the last round.
manager tom wade believes his side will get chelsea in the draw.
wade said an old woman predicted they will face jose mourinho's side.
802	bergen: new america foundation finds little value to mass surveillance program.
he says hardly any terrorism cases were found out or wrapped up as result of phone metadata.
president obama is giving a speech about nsa surveillance friday.
bergen: ending the mass collection of phone data is a good solution.
803	special ops troops gave alcohol and steroids to soldier accused of killing afghans, lawyer says.
army staff sgt. robert bales is a "broken man," his lawyer says.
he is accused of killing 16 and wounding six afghans.
attorneys have said he suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder.
804	manchester united qualify for the last 16 of champions league as group c winners.
united top group despite being held to a 1-1 home draw by spanish side valencia.
holders inter milan qualify second in group a after a heavy 3-0 defeat at werder bremen.
barcelona end their group d campaign with a comfortable 2-0 win over rubin kazan.
805	chloe corona, one, and claire west, two, dress up as disney characters.
their mothers handmade the costumes and props at home in orange county.
even hired a tv-trained wolf for the little red riding hood scene.
806	edmund hillary and tenzing norgay reached the summit on may 29, 1953.
their grandchildren laid garlands on their statues in kathmandu today.
807	one of portugal's airline executives has warned of the dangers of uncertainty in europe.
the comments from fernando pinto, head of tap air portugal, come as portugal's economy remains fragile.
finance ministers of the euro area have given portugal and ireland seven more years to repay bailouts.
but one economist says for portugal, the worst "not over yet"
808	incident captured on video by passing journalist and film has caused outrage.
attack shows mob of at least 20 men pouncing on defenceless woman in indian city.
no one came to the assistance of the woman during the assault which reportedly lasted 30 minutes.
809	the computer of miss teen usa cassidy wolf was hacked for one year.
the subsequent images were used to blackmail her into performing online sex acts.
jared james abrahams, 19, of temecula, california, surrendered to fbi agents in september 2013 and admitting to hacking 100-150 women.
he was jailed in march for 18 months.
fbi and police in 19 countries has brought more than 90 arrests in a new global operation.
810	june scott hospitalised for three weeks after lens began burning her eyeball.
a fungal infection known as fusarium was attacking her left eye.
after three unsuccessful operations to remove infection, eye was removed.
811	new: cayman island residents flee homes for shelters, fortified buildings.
paloma has 115-mph winds; storm-surge flooding expected in caymans.
evacuations under way in parts of cuba; safety advisories issued.
projected path would steer hurricane away from u.s. mainland.
812	soules appeared on "the bachelorette"
he was the predicted "bachelor"
it took awhile for his selection to be announced.
813	vanessa sky ellis spends up to 12 hours a day hunting for famous faces.
the new yorker has pictures with brad pitt, matt damon and lady gaga.
but her favourite picture is one with 'beautiful' actor johnny depp.
the 26-year-old barmaid inherited her unusual hobby from her late mother.
814	the wills are published online for the first time.
they show karl marx died a poor man, but charles darwin was wealthy.
antarctic explorer ernest shackleton did not leave much, either.
there are also entries for charles dickens and lewis carroll.
815	official: jordan matson is one of three americans fighting with kurdish force in syria.
matson is fighting near the town of jazaa in northeastern syria, the official says.
he was wounded in fighting, but is fine, says the ypg spokesman.
the u.s. state department says it is aware of the reports.
816	new: the security council asks ban ki-moon for a "swift, thorough and impartial" investigation.
u.n. security council calls for investigation to "shed light" on chemical weapons claims.
"we have no evidence" to prove chemical weapons use, u.s. ambassador to syria says.
medical evidence and satellite imagery are a focus of chemical weapons inquiry, sources say.
817	new: before friday's meeting, several cardinals took to the internet to request prayers.
the secretive election for a new pope will start tuesday.
the chimney that sends smoke signals could be raised over the sistine chapel on friday.
the 115 cardinal-electors will draw lots for the rooms in which they stay during the conclave.
818	alexandre lacazette scored in lyon's 3-2 victory over rc lens.
manchester city are also scouting for their new york franchise.
dennis praet and julian draxler are also high on their list of targets.
819	african animal so elusive it was once believed to be mythical is photographed.
okapi is shy animal related to the giraffe, with zebra-like stripes on its rear.
animal is now known to live only in the democratic republic of the congo.
820	casey stoner avoids mayhem behind him to run away with french motogp race.
australian finishes 28-lap event 14 seconds clear of italy's andrea dovizioso.
title rival dani pedrosa breaks collarbone after crash involving marco simoncelli.
seven-time world champion valentino rossi earns first podium finish since joining ducati.
821	police raided aileen hedges's gravesend home and she said she used the amphetamine to help her with the chores.
cannabis also found was used as a 'come down' after housework and diy, she claimed.
hedges later changed her story and admitted supplying the drugs at maidstone crown court this week.
822	at-home entertainment businesses soar as other industries struggle in recession.
netflix subscribers break 10 million; gaming industry grows to $22 billion business.
games can bring families together and provide insights into children, experts say.
tough times are good time to reflect, and do yoga, rodney yee says.
823	michael cowan's suspension lifted because his actions caused no harm.
'his head was slumped on his chest. he didn't even wake up when the surgeon.
asked him to adjust the anaesthesia', source said.
milton keynes general hospital's say they had no complaint from patient.
824	stephen "the rifleman" flemmi was "whitey" bulger's partner and henchman.
flemmi is now a star prosecution witness in bulger's federal trial on murder and other charges.
bulger's lawyer grills flemmi on killings, flemmi's admission he molested his stepdaughter.
the stepdaughter subsequently was killed by bulger; flemmi says he did nothing.
825	mark kelly: gun violence in the u.s. is out of control.
he says 2 million americans have failed gun background checks.
those who failed can buy guns at a gun show or online; that makes no sense, he says.
kelly: majority of americans and gun owners support background checks for all.
826	ken to, from california, sells around the world for up to £200.
39-year-old's painstaking creations stand as little as one inch tall.
bonsai is a japanese art form using miniature trees grown in containers.
827	the united nations estimates that 4.25 million people are internally displaced in syria.
many people are now heavily relying on aid agencies to provide basic amenities.
the u.n. says that for 2013 alone, aid of $1.4 billion is needed to deal with the crisis.
the who says more than 50% of hospitals have been damaged or are non-operational.
828	prince harry said walking with the wounded trekkers can't wait to finish.
the 29-year-old described how spirits were really high.
three teams banded together and are three days from goal.
829	egyptian football's future looks bleak after nearly 80 people died in a soccer riot.
fans of al-masry charged at rival supporters of al-ahly causing havoc in the stadium.
al-ahly board member accuses police of showing "total ignorance" towards violence.
egyptian league suspended and its fa sacked which could mean action from fifa.
830	austin hudson-lapore had left his apartment last wednesday to view the storm rolling into chicago.
a fisherman noticed austin's body a week later when he went fishing on lake michigan.
831	uri dadush says obama will seek to avoid tax increases scheduled for january 2013.
if the u.s. falls into recession, the outlook for the world economy will darken, he says.
the risk of a renewed global banking crisis would escalate sharply, he says.
832	david rothkopf: susan rice is a natural choice for national security adviser.
he says she's been lightning rod on benghazi but is experienced foreign policy expert.
he says rice must rein in contentiousness on display at u.n., manage huge staff.
rothkopf: unpredictable problems abroad may be obstacles for strong obama ally.
833	hong minh truong accused of sending more than 500 hoax letters.
most contained terrorism threats and a white powder, which may have looked like anthrax.
letters were sent to schools and government offices around the u.s.
was arrested in monday and appeared at dallas federal court.
if convicted could face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
834	carlton williams, lee stagg and michael riddle intimidated their victims, often women with young.
children, into handing over large sums of cash.
one victim was forced to sit on her car to stop it being towed.
835	nikki guined asked deputy dwight william buchanan to give her the gun.
after a row in their monroe, georgia, home she said: 'don't you trust me?'
initially he gave it to her unloaded but she insisted he insert the magazine.
she then took the 9mm-glock pistol and shot herself in the jaw.
guined had warned him earlier in the day she would be leaving the cop.
buchanan, a jailer for the county, is now on paid administrative leave.
836	natalya page being taught in isolation until she has hair dyed back.
father fred page refused to allow school salon to treat daughter's hair.
kenton academy says miss page has was aware of regulations.
newcastle school this week introduced fines to parents if pupils miss class.
837	dr fiona hampton supported fay calvert when her son was was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis.
fay said the doctor was like part of the family throughout their ordeal.
craig didn't survive but dr hampton helped them cope with the loss.
nominate your health hero here.
838	jack wooding, 29, suffered severe head injuries after falling 300ft.
legal expert was climbing aladdin's mirror in the cairngorms near aviemore.
he was not wearing a helmet at time of accident as it was 'gentle slope'
'sport loving' graduate tried to stop himself with an ice axe but couldn't.
839	olympic record: 2 gold medals and 2 silver medals.
the first black african to break onto the international stage.
he had run six races in just eight days despite a gallbladder infection.
runner; born january 17, 1940, in kenya.
840	moore, 86, thought radio presenter was talking about his diabetes medicine.
after realising his mistake - was then happy to admit he'd tried viagra once.
actor been married to kristina ‘kiki’ tholstrup since 2002 - his fourth wife.
two years ago revealed his first two wives were physically abusive to him.
841	burnley forward danny ings is out of contract in the summer.
but sean dyche insisted the clarets will not entertain bids for him.
ings was named championship player of the year award last season.
dyche said the club are looking to sign players in january.
842	france defender reveals he didn't think twice about moving to arsenal.
debuchy joined the gunners in a £12m deal this summer.
he had only moved to newcastle from lille 12 months earlier.
'there was no question, no debate, no doubt, nothing,' he says.
843	former elite escort gwyneth montenegro has slept with exactly 10,091 men.
at the height of her career, she was charging $500 to $1,000 an hour.
ms montenegro spent almost 15 years in the sex industry before retiring three years ago.
during her time as an escort, her life was filled with drug- and alcohol-induced sex.
she worked all over australia and was flown to exotic destinations.
the 36-year-old is now a 'business entrepreneur' based in melbourne.
844	giraffe also called marius like one killed by copenhagen zoo on sunday.
zoo hoping to bring in a female giraffe as part of its breeding programme.
marius is eldest of two males, but only one can stay over fear of fighting.
845	melinda gates: kidnapped girls in nigeria reflect long use of women misused in conflicts.
she says boko haram justifies actions as islamic; this insult denounced by muslim leaders.
she says group thinks women are merely property; these ideas affect nigeria's prosperity.
gates: outcry over girls shows many know empowered women are key to a nation's fortunes.
846	mr paxman said it's easier to 'imagine the first world war with the help of other people's imaginations'
he was speaking about misrepresentations of the great war at the cheltenham literature festival.
847	sally ride, the first american woman in space, died aged 61.
ride was a passionate advocate for female advancement in the sciences, math and tech.
cnn readers have shared their memories and condolences on cnn.com, facebook and twitter.
848	inter milan give the city the top two places in serie with 1-0 win over cagliari.
defending champions now just two points adrift of rivals ac milan, who play sunday.
inter battle to win ahead of champions league final rematch with bayern munich.
seventh-placed palermo beaten by bologna after having a player sent off.
849	the virus causes coughing, fever and sometimes fatal pneumonia.
since 2012 it has been reported in 436 cases in saudi arabia alone.
who's emergency committee said the seriousness of.
the situation had increased in terms of public health impact.
but added there is no evidence of sustained human-to-human transmission.
850	summit will be hosted by centre for robot-assisted search and rescue.
experts will discuss how robots can help halt the spread of deadly diseases.
this includes mortuary robots, disinfection machines and waste handlers.
students at texas a&m university will additionally create prototype models.
the global ebola death toll has risen to almost 5,000.
851	the 64-year-old nobel laureate in.
physics announced his departure today.
chu was criticised for his handling of a huge federal loan to solar panel manufacturer solyndra after the.
company collapsed in 2011.
will also be remembered for his accomplishments including helping to plug a massive bp oil spill in.
the gulf of mexico.
former washington state governor christine gregoire has been security cleared for cabinet position with the energy portfolio likely.
852	rami has become a social media sensation.
"it is a true pit bull head on a dachshund body," dawn blanton says.
853	luke shaw was one of man united's standout players against leicester.
he has every chance of going on to be legend for the old trafford club.
could he end up being united's best left back and overtaking denis irwin?
goals are not shaw's priority but irwin weighed in with a few at united.
click here for all the latest manchester united news.
854	carving thought to have been made in the 12th century in sigtuna, sweden.
find came after oslo university student unravelled related jötunvillur code.
cryptologists previously thought code was used to communicate secrets.
mr nordby thinks the pattern might have been vital in education instead.
855	doutzen kroes, behati prinsloo, and sigrid agren all attended castings for the fashion magazine at the start of their respective careers.
the three models all walked in this year's victoria's secret fashion show in london - and will appear in the official broadcast on cbs tonight at 10pm.
856	yuliana avalos claims that her pictures have been used in over 200 fake profiles on the dating site.
she is spearheading a lawsuit against the company along with 'thousands' including famous actors, military personnel and facebook users.
the group is asking for $1.5billion in damages.
857	mark tyler shot mother maureen at her essex home in september.
the 37-year-old shot himself dead in a bathroom four days later.
his family say that doctors told him he was 'psychotic and dangerous'
they accused a mental health trust of sending him home without diagnosis.
858	banks will not reopen until next tuesday while the country seeks a bailout.
but germany and european central bank say 'they may never open again'
cyprus must 'agree to highly unpopular tax raid on bank deposits', they say.
859	reality tv star, 39, was diagnosed with stage 3 cancer of the uterus after bleeding during a trip to adopt her daughter in india.
she had fallen pregnant in august but the embryo had no heartbeat and when it was removed, leftover cells led to the cancer.
doctors later learned she had three tumors on her lungs.
she has undergone chemo - but it has been complicated by her size because doctors have had to research how much to give her.
jen, whose husband and two adopted children have dwarfism, says prognosis is good.
860	driver shiv kumar yadav, 32, is expected to be charged with rape.
he was hired to ferry a finance company employee home from a dinner.
police are considering legal action against uber for failing to run checks.
uber ceo travis kalanick said the company will do 'everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice'
861	benedict xvi is the first pope to retire in nearly 600 years; he says age is a factor.
former new york gov. george pataki retired after three terms and didn't seek a fourth.
pataki: "i was never going to let my public title become my personal identity"
experts say succession plans are key to smooth transitions and a positive legacy.
862	"doubt" stars meryl streep, philip seymour hoffman, amy adams, viola davis.
film is based on a tony award- and pulitzer prize-winning play by the same name.
it examines what happens when a nun suspects a priest of abusing a student.
streep advises co-star to pick out a dress for the academy awards.
863	basle and liverpool drew 1-1 at anfield in their champions league clash.
the result knocked brendan rodgers' side out of the competition.
basle then started trolling the reds online from their instragram account.
864	parents frequently have to ask their children to translate text messages.
education experts have warned against schools tolerating 'text speak'
michael gove will introduce tests on more formal english grammar.
865	berwick, northumberland shaken by tremor today.
residents 'felt a low rumble' for several seconds and saw buildings shake.
experts dismiss tremor as a 'sonic event' from overhead jets.
866	"comprehensive" plan would target "key vulnerabilities," official says.
but u.s. would be mindful of actions that would harm iranian people, he says.
international coalition is key to keeping pressure up, diplomat says.
867	in 2012, the serbian economy posted negative growth of 1.7%, according to eurostat estimates.
serbian prime minister dacic said: european union accession is not financial aid package.
serbia's unemployment rate is at 25%, only greece and spain are higher in europe.
868	manchester city beat porto 4-0 in europa league last 32 second leg tie.
city go through 6-1 on aggregate with sergio aguero scoring their opener.
city manager roberto mancini confirms he has accepted apology from carlos tevez.
tevez has returned to training after spending three months in argentina.
869	as many as 27 million americans suffer from some type of thyroid gland misfiring.
half don't know it, endocrinologist group says.
most sufferers have hypothyroidism, or underactive thyroid.
hyperthyroidism is much more rare.
870	20 years since poland's solidarity movement defeated the communist party.
the new poland is a week of programming examining the transformation of poland.
culminates in autumn of change, a look at the events that led to the election.
fionnuala sweeney will anchor cnn's live coverage from poland.
871	royal veterinary college says doggy facelifts have soared.
the dogs are having operations to remove excess skin.
without facelifts, some pets can be at risk of going blind or dying.
872	coleen gave birth to klay anthony at 2.11am on tuesday.
the 27-year-old tweeted that baby klay weighed 7ib 11.5 oz.
klay's little brother kai was the first to visit with his grandparents colette and tony mcloughlin.
873	apple announces that 25 billion songs have been downloaded from itunes.
"monkey drums (goksel vancin remix)," by british house-music dj chase buch, was the tune.
other milestone downloads: sinatra, coldplay, faith hill and johnny cash.
874	since 2012, requests for 'detainers' have plummeted by 9,000 per month.
detainers are used to extend migrants' time in prison ahead of deportation.
california and texas registered drops of 55 per cent and 28 per cent.
comes as obama plans an amnesty for up to five million immigrants.
875	it would be wrong to say brad jones was to blame for 3-0 defeat on sunday.
david de gea pulled off several miraculous saves at old trafford.
at times there was very little flow to manchester united's football.
simon mignolet shouldn't have been dropped for such a big fixture.
for liverpool every day is groundhog day.
steven gerrard looked resigned rather than crestfallen after the game.
876	shoes prosecutors say hernandez wore on night of lloyd's death are missing.
hernandez is on trial for murder of lloyd and has pleaded not guilty.
linking shoes to impressions at crime scene would help prosecution with its case.
877	the funny video was posted on youtube on saturday.
video is believed to feature members of b squadron of the kings royal hussars lip-synching to lmfao's hit tune, 'sexy and i know it'
878	midfielder guti to leave real madrid after 24 years at the spanish club.
the 33-year-old made his first-team debut in 1995 after joining at the age of nine.
he is wanted by turkish club besiktas, coached by former real boss berndt schuster.
new coach jose mourinho will also let real's all-time top scorer raul depart.
879	the top 10 cnn heroes of 2013 each receive $50,000 for their efforts to help change the world.
they were honored during a special awards show, "cnn heroes: an all-star tribute"
the hero of the year, chosen by cnn's global audience, received an additional $250,000.
880	the reviled clippers owner is allegedly battling prostate cancer, according to sources quoted in the new york post.
they say he was expected to die two years ago, and that people have been 'predicting his imminent demise'
the cancer revelations come as another mistress has stepped forward, sharing images of sterling lounging in his underwear.
according to former family friends who grew up with sterling's son scott, the real estate magnate 'did everything naked'
a day after he was banned from the nba, sterling dined out at beverly hills eatery the grill on the alley.
staff at the restaurant say they don't discriminate against guests.
however, the bunny ranch brothel in nevada has barred sterling from visiting, out of respect for their nba player patrons.
881	caterpillar uses clockwork to mimic the motion of its real-life equivalent.
made in switzerland in around 1810 for aristocratic chinese buyers.
expected to fetch up to £200,000 at auction at sotheby's this week.
882	wickham has penned a new four-year deal to stay at sunderland.
poyet is confident the striker can progress to the full england team.
black cats boss suggests wickham's move from ipswich came too soon.
883	new york rangers fan neal auricchio jr beaten up.
philadelphia flyers fans attacked him after big game.
auricchio is an iraq veteran who won purple heart.
884	philip spence, 32, attacked three wealthy arab women in their luxury hotel.
ohoud, kohloud and fatima al-najar had spent the day visiting buckingham palace and the london aquarium before falling asleep at four-star hotel.
one had her head smashed 'like an egg' with a claw hammer on april 6.
her sisters sustained fractured skulls during the late-night assault.
their children witnessed the attack as they were staying in the same rooms.
spence, of hounslow, admitted causing gbh and aggravated burglary.
he denies attempted murder at plush cumberland hotel near oxford street.
also accused of conspiring to commit aggravated burglary with second man.
thomas efremi, 58, of islington, london, and spence deny these charges.
885	neuroscientist daniel g. amen's new book, unleash the power of the female brain.
886	inspectors put fines on cars abandoned in heavy snow in nottingham.
pensioner embarked on 18-month campaign to get council to admit traffic wardens were wrong to issue tickets.
anthony wilkinson caught wardens on camera and realised they had also been clocked by cctv.
887	new: no cause of death has been given.
new: he is survived by his longtime companion, former wife, son and two grandchildren.
john sperling was 93 years old; he died on friday, website says.
statement: sperling made higher education accessible for working adult students.
888	bob greene: throwing world series? seems impossible with fans watching so intently.
but it happened, infamously, in 1919. a clever sportswriter found a way to say it without saying it.
chicago tribune reporter quoted white sox manager's bafflement at his team's lousy performance.
greene: in pre-digital era, reporter crusinberry artfully telegraphed series was thrown.
889	former world no 1 was spotted with mystery lump on his left elbow.
boris becker was having knock-about at the us open.
german tennis star is currently novak djokovic's coach.
890	wives and girlfriends of germany players pictured inside the maracana.
lena gercke disappointed after sami khedira injures himself in warm up.
bastian schweinsteiger's model girlfriend sarah brander in attendance.
ann-kathrin brommel and montana yorke see mario gotze and andre schurrle come off bench and win world cup for germany.
gotze scores extra-time winner after schurrle assist.
schurrle cries into girlfriend yorke's arms after winning world cup 2014.
891	gap between capacity and peak demand 4.1%, narrowest since 2006/07.
but safety margin would be wiped out in extreme cold snaps during winter.
grid could bribe firms to switch on back-up stations, funded through bills.
but organisation warns it may occasionally be necessary to ‘reduce voltage’
energy secretary ed davey  insisted days ago: 'there will be no blackouts'
figures and details outlined in national grid's annual winter outlook report.
892	as with all chinese leaders, government tightly controls details of xi's life.
xi is the son of a revolutionary hero, grew up a "princeling"
xi has military ties that predecessors hu, jiang don't, one observer notes.
xi received high marks during washington trip for desire to engage united states.
893	passages carved deep beneath naval fortifications in plymouth, devon.
three interlocking tunnels started life as a moat in early 19th century.
were drained so they could be filled with captured french prisoners.
later bricked over and used as air raid shelters during world war two.
bought from mod in 1950s by tapper family who are now selling them.
894	48% of children reached age of 11 without travelling on public transport.
while 1 in 6 spent at least three hours a day watching tv or on computer.
findings come from state-funded study tracking 13,000 british children.
three quarters have their own mobile phone and 6 in 10 have tv in room.
contact with friends is just as likely to be via technology as face-to-face.
895	at a brazilian churrascaria there can be more than 20 types of meat to choose from.
the star of the brazilian barbecue is picanha, a top prime sirloin.
lombo is pork loin on a skewer dressed in a parmesan cheese coating.
896	oklahoma highway patrol officials were testing out new sonar tools and tracing the bottom of lake foss near elk city.
they found two cars each with three skeletons inside.
one of the cars was a 1969 camaro and another was an older chevrolet.
police have so far only identified one of the victims but are waiting to notify relatives before announcing names.
the camaro matches a vehicle in which three teens mysteriously disappeared over 40 years ago.
jimmy williams, 16, thomas michael rios, 18, and leah gail johnson, 18, vanished on nov. 20, 1970.
897	tepco found high radiation readings saturday.
it said the highest levels measured were so-called beta radiation.
898	philip kettle, 52, from romford, weighed 31st 7lb at his heaviest.
the bus inspector has now lost 17st and weighs a slim 14st 7lb.
he was shamed after receiving cross looks from commuters.
doctors also warned he was at risk of serious health problems.
swapped snacking and junk food for three healthy meals a day.
899	cnn compiles a list of "your favorite rivers" from submissions.
the list includes the tunga, in india; the arno, in italy; and the hue, in vietnam.
ireporter sandi kubbs: "who i became is intrinsically tied" to the little wabash river in illinois.
what rivers are we missing? nominate your favorite waterway at cnn ireport.
900	row2recovery team arrived in port st charles.
raised £1million for wounded comrades.
901	real vegan cheese is the brainchild of biohackers from california.
they create cheese protein genes from sequences based on cow dna.
these genes are grown in baker’s yeast before being extracted.
they are then mixed with vegetable butter, vegan sugar and water.
in theory, this ‘milk’ can then be churned using cheese-making methods.
biohackers have raised more than $15,605 (£9,100) on indiegogo and the next step is to create the cheese.
902	kieran maxwell showed bravery after he fell while carrying olympic torch through his hometown.
he is raising money to buy special prosthetic to aid his paralympic dream.
903	reason was not revealed but follows incident at a training camp.
her husband, former nfl star jerramy stevens, was arrested on monday.
solo, who has won two olympic gold medals with the u.s. team, won't participate in matches next month in europe.
it comes after domestic violence charges against her were dismissed.
904	muhammed ali tariq was diagnosed with liver disease at just nine weeks old.
his only hope was an urgent transplant as he became more ill.
father tariq mushtaq has given his son a portion of his liver.
905	british mosques to increase security, say muslim leaders.
anti-extremist group calls for edl to be 'formally classified as far-right organisation'
his father only learnt of attacks when browsing online news sites.
surgeon says he used dum-dum bullets that 'explode inside body'
906	mr cameron facing an uphill battle to win enough seats at the next election.
but the pm would rather form minority government  than do a deal with ukip.
farage has previously said ukip could prop up a minority tory government.
but ukip leader will only back tory government  for a 'swift' eu referendum.
907	north georgia men say they've found a den of bigfoot creatures.
they say they'll reveal details of one bigfoot on friday in california.
the body of the furry half man-half ape is 7 feet, 7 inches tall, they say.
men won't reveal bigfoot den's location because they don't want others disturbed.
908	when he was in his 20s a swelling on sambany's left cheek began to grow.
at its heaviest it weighed one stone and was twice the size of his head.
after hearing the charity mercy ships had docked in madagascar he walked for three days and embarked on a four-hour car journey to seek help.
the volunteer crew performed the life-changing operation - removing the biggest tumour their crews have ever encountered.
after his op sambany exclaimed his delight giving crews a thumbs up.
909	yaya toure, fernando torres and robin van persie all named.
premier league stars are at the forefront of the list.
spain midfielder david silva also included as well as luis suarez.
910	over 53% of ghana's workforce was employed in agriculture in 2013.
farmers in ghana are learning collaborative business practices.
workshops are teaching farmers how to expand their businesses.
ghana exported 46,000 tonnes of pineapple in 2011.
911	captain boscawen represented wells and somerton and frome.
he was elected to parliament in 1970, and served for more than 20 years.
the tank commander was among the first to enter brussels in 1944.
he was awarded the military cross for his efforts at arnhem.
912	jenni inherited her love of knitting from her mother and grandmother.
in the absence of grandchildren she has started knitting for her chihuahuas.
what’s not to love about a pooch in a homemade poncho? she asks.
chihuahuas are bred for a mexican climate.
butch, madge and frida benefit from home-knitted outfits.
jenni has lavished love and affection on her pets since her sons left home.
913	the ruble dropped nearly 20% in one day, signaling an economic crisis for russia.
frida ghitis: vladimir putin will try to blame russia's problems on the west.
she says putin has strong approval ratings but russians will likely face recession.
ghitis: will he start a new military crisis to divert from the backlash of economic woes?
914	two men have been charged with attempted murder following high-speed chase across south-east queensland on thursday.
they allegedly stole three vehicles and hit a police officer with their car.
pair were arrested in tweed heads after they crossed over to nsw.
police used road spikes to stop vehicle after dramatic four hour chase.
man, 32, allegedly fire a number of shots at police before he was struck by a car and officers were able to arrest him.
pair were charged with shooting with intent to murder and will appear at tweed heads local court on friday.
915	miliband was asked who jim grant was - the labour party leader in swindon.
the stumped opposition leader said: 'you will enlighten me, i'm sure.'
he was on swindon radio campaigning for mr grant.
came after he was accused of being 'out of touch with reality' on morning tv.
916	texas school officials stopped distribution by students of religious-themed gifts on campus.
parents of the students said the school officials violated their children's constitutional rights.
an appeals court ruled in favor of the school officials.
the supreme court refused monday to consider appeals on behalf of the parents.
917	andrew wallis, ceo of charity unseen, says case is one of thousands.
traffickers force people into sex industry, domestic servitude or criminality.
children being brought to uk by criminal gangs to have organs harvested.
three women rescued from lambeth house, london after 30 years.
mp frank field said criminal gangs were making 'huge sums of money'
918	staff at highclere castle were given the evening off on christmas day.
lady carnarvon revealed it led to poor plate washing and badly set tables.
the family's television remote control also got chewed by one of their dog.
she described her husband's washing up as 'not completely diligent.
919	ukip leader caught on camera making the remarks during 2012 tour.
he said he believed 'marketplace' could offer better value for money.
ukip spokesman says the party's policy on healthcare has since changed.
920	jerome murdough, 56, had internal body temperature of at least 100 degrees when he was found dead in a cell in rikers island february 15.
murdough was arrested a week earlier for trespassing for sleeping in internal stairwell on the roof of a harlem apartment complex.
city officials said inmate's anti-psychotic medications made him more sensitive to heat, and he also failed to open a vent in his cell.
921	froome's girlfriend complains that his loyalty is being 'taken advantage of'
upset that froome has had to support team captain's quest for glory.
mrs wiggins then praises husband's sky teammates but omits mr froome.
922	british gas is on course to make profits of £602million after raising prices.
parent company centrica expected to make £1.4billion profit in 2013.
shareholders said centrica was seen 'as one of the evil big six' during company’s annual general meeting.
chief executive sam laidlaw savaged over ‘premier league’ salary package.
he earns £36,000 a week after tax and has lucrative role at hsbc.
923	kayleigh duff, from kent, has been diagnosed with terminal liver cancer.
has list of things she wants to do before dying - including getting married.
last week had a ceremony where she 'married' a male model at a castle.
now been given a hen do at the towie nightclub sugar hut in brentwood.
924	joan roman scored the winner midway through the second half in huelva.
the friendly was new barca boss enrique's first match at the helm.
the trofeo colombino match marked recreativo's 125th anniversary.
blaugrana named a very young side, with highly-rated croatian midfielder alen halilovic startin.
enrique named an entirely different line-up for the second half of the game.
the goalscorer roman was one of those introduced at the break.
barca's new goalkeeper marc-andre ter stegen also played the second half.
ex-everton loanee deulofeu impressed out wide for the visitors.
925	at least six people have been killed monday, according to opposition activists.
the u.s. ambassador to nato says the syrian uprising is unlike libya's.
at least 60 people were killed across syria on sunday, opposition activists say.
926	using decades of research, scientists at nasa have created the most accurate map of antarctica's landscape ever.
the map shows the bedrock beneath antarctica's ice and snow as well as the thickness of the continent's ice sheets.
scientists say the map will enable them to more accurately predict how antarctica will react to climate change in the future and the effect it will have on rising sea levels and ocean currents.
ice sheets cover 98 per cent of the continent and in some places are three kilometers thick.
927	secretary of defense: "we cannot fight wars by polls"
new poll shows 69% of americans want u.s. out of afghanistan.
panetta is in canada for meeting with canadian, mexican officials.
928	emily brewer, 36, was heading home when she saw aguilar lopez in distress.
women do not speak the same language, but baby was delivered safely.
brewer later tracked down lopez at a nearby hospital - and learned the healthy baby girl had been named emily.
929	superpower has 'shifted' its problems onto the world.
country is 'living beyond its means', adds putin.
fears u.s. credit rating could be downgraded.
930	john sundahl and britney spears met at alcoholics anonymous in 2007.
the 44-year-old is a pilot in kabul, he was shot dead last week by taliban.
dated britney during her public meltdown and warned her to stop drinking.
33-year-old singer is said to be devastated by his death, sources say.
931	andrew nisbet, 31, was arrested on the las positas golf course on saturday and charged with 65 counts of sexual abuse on two boys - one as young as 12.
taught golf across four states and police in livermore, california believe there could be many more cases.
has been denied bail as police search his home which is next door to an elementary school.
932	bank staff accused of making trades before processing customer orders.
whistleblowing traders say that practices occurring on 'daily basis'
industry insider likens the foreign exchange market to 'the wild west'
933	fabio capello has been manager of russia since 2012.
russian fa claim they need to find financial benefactors to fund italian.
russia travel to austria for group g euro 2016 qualifier on saturday.
former england boss guided country to 2014 world cup.
capello also been in charge of real madrid, juventus and ac milan.
934	bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 2-1 in der klassiker clash.
robert lewandowski and arjen robben score crucial goals for bayern.
marco reus had given dortmund lead in first half.
bayern remain top of the bundesliga while dortmund languish in 17th position.
935	youth worker phoebe connolly was biking in columbia heights this month when she was punched by a teenager who was in a big group.
the kid reportedly yelled 'whoop pow!' when he hit her.
connolly had never met the kids before and was shocked by the incident.
she said the whole group laughed after she was hit in the face.
the victim believes the recent spate of punching attacks is due to the popularity of so-called ‘knockout’ online videos.
a 72-year-old woman was punched in brooklyn, new york, on tuesday.
another elderly women, 78, was sucker-punched in new york november 9.
936	student larissa westcott dreamed of becoming cabin crew with ba.
but claims her dreams of working for them were dashed due to a foot tattoo.
says it would have been covered with tights which are part of uniform.
but ba says uniform policy is clearly stated in application process.
937	new: french president says four soldiers, interpreter killed.
five soldiers and three civilians were wounded in kapisa province.
france is planning to withdraw its combat troops by year's end.
another isaf service member died in a separate incident.
938	stephen strassen fell into the huge pothole outside his lincolnshire home.
the fall snapped the 52-year-old's prosthetic left leg in half.
he hit the ground with such force that the top half of the prosthetic became embedded in his leg, splitting his stump to the bone.
the pizza chef couldn't climb out of the 2ft deep, 5ft wide hole, and had to call to his wife to haul him out.
lincolnshire council has refused to pay for a new prosthetic limb, and will fight any compensation claim.
warning: graphic content.
939	zenit-3sl got into trouble after it was sent towards space from the sea launch platform on the equator.
940	former mayor marion barry racked up $1,460 in fines just for driving with tags on his jag that belonged to an old bmw he was assigned.
the 78-year-old former mayor, a diabetic, said he suffered a hypoglycemic attack at the time of the crash last weekend.
941	england set to face italy in second six nations game on saturday.
stuart lancaster's side beat wales 21-16 in opener last week.
head coach believes england face 'cup final' against italy.
chris robshaw leads out his side for captain's run at twickenham.
click here for all the latest six nations 2015 news.
942	clint dempsey scored within the first minute for usa against ghana.
american's goal was the fifth quickest in world cup history.
dempsey revealed post match: 'i was coughing up blood'
former fulham forward was left bloodied after clash with john boye.
dempsey received traetment but was able to continue the group g game.
943	"dr. phil" has been renewed by stations in 77% percent of the country through the 2016-17 season.
the show airs on 13 cbs-owned stations, including in the top 5 markets like new york, los angeles, and chicago.
"i'm excited to continue my dynamic partnership with leslie moonves and my cbs family," dr. phil said.
944	ed vaizey claims countryside could be swamped with unwanted homes.
planning law reform could cost votes among supporters, he said.
945	it features a toxic yellow dye which killed 400 people in spain in 1981.
asda warned parent customers to 'stop using it and destroy it immediately'
946	oliver outdoor advertising claims it has lost clients due to andrew and patricia colberg's constant complaining.
the couple allegedly called advertisers asking them to pull ads from the electronic billboard near their home on butler road in west kittanning.
they say the light makes it difficult for them to sleep at night.
947	incognito will remain on the nfl's suspended list with pay for the remainder of the season.
incognito is suspected of bullying teammate jonathan martin.
martin left the team in october, citing incognito's bullying as the reason.
948	former mayor of curitiba, brazil, jaime lerner is an architect and urban planner.
his groundbreaking policies helped create one of the world's greenest cities.
his integrated bus system transports 2.4 million curitibans every day.
lerner compares car use to his mother-in-law: "you cannot let her conduct your life."
949	damian pachter is believed to be first to report alberto nisman's death.
journalist told employer he was followed and feared for his safety.
prosecutor was found dead at his home with a gunshot wound to his head.
officials say that he was apparently shot from point blank range.
he was to accuse the president  of shielding iranians implicated in bombing.
investigators suspect nisman killed himself, but have not ruled out murder.
950	warren weinstein was kidnapped in 2011 as he prepared to leave pakistan after working there as an economic developer teaching locals how to farm.
in a tape released this week, he begged for his release and expressed his fears that he had been forgotten by the government.
his family said he looked like 'a shell' of his former self and said that the footage broke their heart as they have been fighting for his release.
951	police arrested 21-year-old man at the scene of a different burglary.
he admitted to burglarizing six homes in napa over the past week.
952	marcel vasile, 36, raped victim and forced her to work in massage parlours.
convicted of rape, controlling prostitution and trafficking after trial.
romanian woman was brought to britain by father and son traffickers.
953	survey reveals gender divide among millionaires across the world.
portugal has the highest percentage of female millionaires.
just 11.4% of britain's millionaires are women.
japan comes bottom of the league with just 3.7%.
954	cho hyun-ah delayed flight when nuts she ordered did not arrive in a bowl.
the 40-year-old has now been charged with violating aviation security law.
she could face up to 15 years in prison if found guilty of four charges.
embarrassed father and airline chairman cho yang-ho called her 'foolish'
955	officials urges fresno residents to leave their homes as the fire grows.
fire ignited monday afternoon and destroyed three buildings as it moved to the foothills.
cause of the fire is under investigation.
956	a new report has unearthed shocking statistics about student maths teachers.
it claims they have the maths ability of a 12-year-old child.
it also says that they wouldn't have the skills to pass a year 9 naplan test.
dr stephen norton conducted the research at griffith university in queensland.
nearly half of his class would not pass the year 9 test.
957	study of 1,601 pupils aged 10 and 11 in wales found 6% had tried e-cigs.
that compared with just 2% who had smoked regular tobacco.
experts have warned devices act as a 'nicotine gateway' for children.
say they are luring young people back to more harmful cigarettes.
those who'd tried e-cigs were seven times more likely to admit they might take up regular smoking within the next two years.
958	brazil midfielder committed a horrible foul on the colombian in 14th minute.
somehow he was not shown a yellow card for the challenge.
ten minutes later he fouled the attacker again but still was not booked.
then on the brink of half-time he charged straight through rodriguez.
fernandinho has committed 10 fouls in brazil's last two matches.
959	kevin kamooneh, 50, vows to fight misdemeanour theft charge.
expert says the amount of electricity taken was probably worth five cents.
kamooneh says he expects case to be 'laughed out of court'
960	katy holmes, 33, was caught having sex with the stranger in a cul-de-sac at 9.45am.
a mother was forced to shield her child's eyes from the seedy clinch.
single holmes told police she met the man while buying a bottle of water minutes before.
blackpool magistrates' court told of 'unusual offence' before sentencing holmes.
961	harry redknapp's latest book, a man walks on to a pitch, is being serialised by sportsmail this week.
redknapp tells a tale about roy keane's rivalry with patrick vieira.
keane and vieira were involved in many battles on-the-pitch.
the duo have worked together as tv pundits for itv since.
962	police: thorsten gunter rushing, 18, shot father and brother as they watched tv.
thorsten told police an armed home intruder committed the crimes.
police later arrest the son and four friends in connection with the slayings.
they plead not guilty.
963	stella the dog was hiding behind mattress in santa monica home.
firefighters found her and revived her with oxygen mask as crowds cheered outside the burning home.
cause of the fire remains under investigation.
964	new zealand arrived in wales on sunday night to a heroes' welcome.
all blacks beat scotland 24-16 and wales beat fiji 17-13 on saturday.
steve hansen said he will pick his strongest side against wales this week.
cardiff fans came out in force as richie mccaw and co arrive in wales.
965	bbc confirmed that discussions are currently ongoing over show's future.
monthly astronomy programme could be pulled as early as december.
sir patrick moore presented the show’s first episode on 24 april 1957 and continued until he died in december 2012, aged 89.
966	new: kyle sullivan, 19, finds three young women shot on a sorority lawn.
new: one woman who thinks she won't survive calls mom to express love, he says.
isla vista community is a densely populated quarter for student housing.
in 2001, a motorist killed four people by running them over in isla vista.
967	the noble discoverer slipped its mooring in unalaska bay, the coast guard says.
it drifted towards shore near dutch harbor, a petty officer says.
shell oil says it is investigating the incident.
the noble discoverer is one of the ships shell plans to use to drill in the arctic.
968	the bleacher report commissioned artists to depict man united no 7s.
original stretford end hero george best is shown in his sixties pomp.
'captain marvel' bryan robson is shown hoisted shoulder high by fans.
eric cantona is immortalised as a newspaper front page.
david beckham is shown holding the fa cup after 1999 triumph.
cristiano ronaldo has a cheeky grin on his face in his artwork.
angel di maria brings the collection right up to date.
969	travis demanded columnist camilla long move from the public gallery.
he banged on the glass between them moments before he was sentenced.
miss long alleged in 2012 that the former dj groped her during an interview.
travis was not charged with any offence in connection with her account.
970	tony rogers braved 830-mile trek on foot across russia's frozen wastes.
he made it to india, before eventually finding refuge in britain.
rogers then became a decorated ww2 flight lieutenant in the raf.
the hero died at hyperion nursing home in fairford, gloucestershire.
971	boy scout, 12, finds 5.16 carat at arkansas state park.
arkansas's crater of diamond state park is only diamond-producing site in the world open to the public.
new gem is the 328th diamond found by a park visitor this year.
972	andrea sneiderman is charged with helping her lover murder her husband.
her lover, hemy neuman, was previously charged with the shooting murder of russell sneiderman in front of a daycare center.
neuman said that 'an angel in a dream who looked like olivia newton john told him to do it, and so did a demon who sounded like barry white'
973	in the study, men who preferred their burgers well-done had double the cancer risk.
when meat is cooked at high temperatures over an open flame, a reaction occurs.
heterocyclic amines (hcas) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (pahs) cause several types of cancer.
974	law would arm every head of household and teacher in spring city.
'it sends a statement that criminals.
better think twice' lawmaker said.
975	four out of 10 public toilets have closed in the past 10 years, figures say.
stroke association said needing the toilet can increase blood pressure.
british toilet association said it is a 'health problem, not just financial one'
campaigners say people being left 'prisoners in their own homes'
976	football-pitch sized three storey site was still under construction.
roof of mall in tongaat, near durban in south africa, caved in at 4.30pm.
it is not yet known what caused the incident.
police searching rubble with sniffer dogs for survivors.
deputy mayor claims government tried to halt construction a month ago.
977	diana mager, 33, was suffering from severe post-natal depression at the time of her suicide in august last year.
she had already tried to kill herself by jumping from the tate modern.
young mother died when she was alone in her room in a psychiatric unit.
oxleas nhs trust denied that death could have been prevented but has now backtracked following a legal challenge.
'diana would be alive if she had received proper care,' says widower adam.
978	al-bashir is wanted by icc on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity.
al-bashir may attend an african union summit in nigeria on thursday.
al-bashir remains president and has traveled to several countries since warrant was issued.
979	the shakespeare birthplace trust gutted a grade i listed barn on the site of anne hathaway's cottage without proper planning permission.
the barn was converted into a snack kiosk.
ms hathaway, shakespeare's wife, lived in the farmhouse as a child and was courted there by the writer.
stratford district council has requested the trust apply for retrospective planning permission.
980	enjoy jazz, cocktails and mind-blowing views at the ultra-stylish new york bar.
if you can find kita aoyama salon you deserve the beer that's waiting for you.
the golden gai area is packed with ramshackle bars - check out la jetee.
the legendary womb is tokyo's finest club, featuring incredible lighting.
981	stephen hendrie has impressed for hamilton this season.
swansea and crystal palace are both interested in signing the defender.
championship side cardiff are also keeping tabs on him.
982	of 15,414 enlargement surgeries in 2013, 2,786 took place in germany.
venezuela came in as the second largest, with spain a close third.
penis enlargement can increase length by six centimetres.
983	company in talks to license its know-how around the world.
signs 25-year distribution contract with morrisons.
chief executive time steiner believers grocers will rent delivery systems.
984	the x-37b landed in california early saturday morning.
the space plane has been circling the earth at 17,000mph and was originally due to land in december.
mission of highly classified robotic plane extended for unknown reasons.
985	kreshnik berisha arrested in germany for links with isis.
berisha used to play for a jewish football team in frankfurt.
club and community shocked by events.
sentence expected to be handed down next month.
986	geologists estimate ancient rocks contain around 2.5 million cubic miles of water, more than all of the world's rivers, swamps and lakes put together.
isotope testing has shown the water is up to 2.7 billion years old in places.
canadian and british researchers found ancient water bubbling up through fissures in the rock in 19 mines in canada, south africa and scandinavia.
scientists say ancient water is viscous like maple syrup but tastes 'terrible'
987	former rbs boss has been in four-year feud with neighbours over hedge.
residents took action after getting fed up 'waiting for decision to be made'
neighbours complained it was blocking light into their own gardens.
they used a chainsaw to chop it down to same height as their own fences.
988	the solomon islands are struck by a 6.9-magnitude earthquake.
earthquakes rattled the same area the day before.
no tsunamis were expected, according to pacific tsunami warning center.
there were no reports of damage from tuesday's quake.
989	removal of thimerosal from most vaccines hasn't reduced the number of autism cases diagnosed in the state of california.
990	new details emerge on gov. sarah palin's foreign travels.
campaign now says she didn't visit troops in iraq, only the border.
questions surround the crowd size of a mccain-palin event in virginia.
john mccain gets grilled on "the view" while defending palin.
991	queen says she hopes "emotions will be tempered" by understanding.
final results give pro-union camp 55% of the vote to 45% for independence camp.
scottish first minister, who also leads pro-independence party, to resign both posts.
"we hear you," prime minister david cameron says, vows to change uk for the better.
992	paul pogba took on massimiliano allegri in a mini goal challenge.
the juventus manager easily beat the star midfielder 5-2 in the shoot-out.
21-year-old pogba is one of europe's most exciting young talents.
993	wearers of the spotnsave bracelet can send an sos text message to emergency contacts by discretely tapping a button on it twice.
it connects to android smartphones via bluetooth, using a free android app.
message includes information about the wearer's  location.
their position is marked on google maps every two minutes.
the bracelet costs $45 (£27) and there is a pendant version too.
994	hsbc, europe's largest bank, to lay off up to 14,000 staff between 2014 and 2016.
staff cuts part of effort to save $2-$3 billion over next few years.
'hsbc terribly bloated' says one executive search director.
wealth management jobs growing, investment banking in asia falling, says expert.
995	barnes & noble unviles an e-reader called "nook," which ships in november.
the reader will cost $260, which is comparable to amazon's kindle.
the kindle has been the dominant e-reader, but "nook" has some new features.
nook lets friends to "lend" e-books to each other; and features color navigation.
996	police chief abdul rahman rahman, investigations chief abdul ghafar sayed zada quit.
both to continue investigation into friday's deadly blasts that targeted foreigners.
taliban claimed responsibility for attacks near the safi landmark hotel in kabul.
997	u.s. detention center won't close by obama deadline, senior officials say.
obama signed executive order to close facility on his third day in office.
legal complications blamed for delay; closure should come soon, they say.
missed deadline could be political setback for obama.
998	millie brown, 26, drinks coloured milk and regurgitates liquid over a canvas.
appeared in lady gaga's music video.
grew up in bohemian family.
debuting work at own show at strand gallery.
999	a recent study by the austin institute for the study of family and culture found that a strong correlation exists between religious affiliation and personal happiness.
45 percent of people who attend a religious service weekly say they are 'very happy,' while only 28 percent of those who 'never' attend said the same.
similar studies have found that people with faith have higher levels of 'life satisfaction' and are better able to cope with difficult situations.
1000	white handmade dress featured in iconic tennis girl poster of the 1970s.
it was worn by fiona butler, 18, when photograph was taken in birmingham.
lace dress sold at auction in stourbridge, west midlands for £15,500.
1001	disney plans to release a new "frozen" animated short.
it's called "frozen fever"
a new epcot attraction based on "frozen" is coming.
1002	'ad preferences' sums up who google thinks you like.
information collected from sites you visit.
google 'guesses' your age and sex - often wrong.
information used to serve you adverts as you browse.
1003	'hair of the dog' took on whole new meaning as model strolled in highgate.
the star opted for glamour as she walked staffordshire bull terrier archie.
1004	the two pilots were involved in a fatal plane crash in 2006.
all 154 passengers and crew of a boeing 737 were killed.
the small plane they were piloting survived.
authorities say the two pilots were inexperienced.
1005	morgan "made his name posing tough questions to public figures," cnn-us chief says.
morgan says he has dreamed of "filling the legendary suspenders" of king.
he has been a judge on "america's got talent" and "britain's got talent"
1006	child abuse inquiry chairman fiona woolf facing mounting pressure to quit.
mrs woolf criticised for links to lord brittan, a possible inquiry key witness.
deputy pm nick clegg condemned by abuse victims for supporting her.
claims he has 'not heard anything' suggesting she is wrong for the role.
1007	karen perrin got trapped while working late friday night in offices of bill and melinda gates foundation in dc.
she is the wife of former washington redskins running back lonnie perrin.
mrs perrin ended up using metal tool to claw through drywall and insulation to reach doorknob.
1008	reformist news site claims tear gas, pepper spray used against mourners.
semi-official news agency reports on pro-government demonstrations.
reports of anti-government protests at funeral of grand ayatollah montazeri.
montazeri publicly criticized last june's presidential elections.
1009	cheryl gilson, of cornish, maine, was arrested for speeding in april in saco.
her two children - aged three and five - were not secured in car seats at the time.
she pleaded guilty to driving to endanger, endangering the welfare of a child, and driving more than 35 mph over the speed limit.
police say on july 23 she was also pulled over for a dui charge.
on tuesday she started serving a 180-day jail sentence.
gilson has an extensive driving record.
1010	weather forecasters are predicted a sudden thaw when temperatures swing from -13c to 13c at the weekend.
concerns homes and businesses could be flooded due to melting snow resulting in large areas of standing water.
1011	us travelers will only be allowed to bring back $400 worth of goods and can have no more than $100 of those items can be tobacco and alcohol.
travel to cuba is permitted but not for tourism as of yet.
approved travelers can use their credit and debit cards on the island and that americans can also send $2,000 to family every three months.
1012	more pictures of ferguson police officer darren wilson surfaced wednesday.
they show michael brown's killer at his wedding and taking a selfie with an unidentified woman.
wilson has been in hiding ever since shooting dead 18-year-old brown, who witnesses say was unarmed and holding his hands up in surrender.
previously, only one picture was released showing wilson at a police award ceremony.
1013	boy scout aj underwood accidentally hanged himself on friday night.
he had been practicing knot tying for a merit badge when tragedy struck.
aj's mother found him hanging from his bunk bed but could not save him.
his family say the 10-year-old was 'the most amazing young man'
friends of the family have raised $10,000 in just a day for aj's funeral.
1014	brazil favorites for the olympic football tournament at london 2012 olympics.
five-time world cup winners have never won olympic gold in national sport.
manchester star anderson says winning gold on a par with winning the world cup.
teammate rafael da silva in provisional 52-man brazil squad for games.
1015	stepfather claims 36-year-old had affair with x-factor creator because she was lonely.
mother-to-be lauren silverman seen shopping at a hamptons toy store.
husband is staying with her at seaside home but couple are said to be barely talking.
the two have been arguing over custody rights ever since news broke that she was expecting a baby with longtime friend simon cowell.
1016	foreign minister reveals visa requests have increased tenfold since 2006 film.
he tells sacha baron cohen: 'i salute you'
1017	eight cadets are killed during attack in lahore, top military official says.
leader of pakistan's taliban named as prime suspect.
four militants dead, three captured, authorities say.
lahore was site of attack on sri lankan cricket team earlier in march.
1018	thousands of islamist activists are calling for those who insult the religion to face the death penalty.
rioters set fire to shops and vehicles, blocked roads and fought with police.
police fired rubber bullets into crowds armed with rocks.
but sources have claimed officer fired hundreds of live rounds into the mob.
1019	labour mp tom watson made extraordinary claim in an online blog post.
said he was told journalist was mistakenly copied in on top tories' emails.
officials speculated about which labour mps were paedophiles, he claimed.
1020	daniel ricciardo insists his partying days are all behind him.
the red bull star celebrated his 25th birthday on tuesday.
australian is the only driver besides lewis hamilton and nico rosberg to win a grand prix this season.
1021	but there's some relief as industrial action by baggage-handlers in stansted over easter weekend is called off.
1022	a huge crowd gathered in london, uk on friday for a mass "moonwalk"
the crowd paid tribute to the michael jackson by dancing to his famous tunes.
the celebratory event was organized through twitter and facebook.
1023	comic posted invitation on twitter on monday inviting fans to create memes using a selection of photos of him.
stunt backfired after the numerous rape allegations against him.
not long after, cosby's original tweet was deleted and the meme generator was removed from the site.
bowman tells mailonline she is grateful that people are taking seriously 'the truth about bill cosby'
as many as 13 women have claimed cosby sexually assaulted them in the past, but he has never been charged with rape.
1024	pennsylvania mother donna m. krupp, 52, was caught on camera torching the house of her neighbor, detective ernie morris.
officials say krupp had been resentful toward the he detective since june, when her son joshua beauseigneur was arrested at her home.
she blamed the detective for leading cops to her house, even though he had not worked the case.
detective morris' family wasn't home during the fire, but the house was destroyed with nearly everything it and the family cat burned alive.
1025	actions of met police sex crime unit described as 'wholly inappropriate'
officers were encouraged to take retraction statements from rape victims.
ipcc said handling of a rape case in 2008 was 'deeply disturbing'
in 2011 he killed his own children, eight and 10, by slitting their throats.
19 london officers have been disciplined - three who have been sacked.
1026	all images and videos will be removed from search engine after ruling.
landmark case comes after news of the world published material in 2008.
google say proposed filter would be a 'dangerous censorship tool'
1027	miss world 2014 finalists gathered for a photocall in london this morning.
the beauty pageant has changed a lot since it launched 63 years ago.
old school glamour has made way for sequins and spray tans.
1028	new: attorney: ex-lawmaker will pay $100 fine rather than spend five days in prison.
ex-rep. melvin reynolds sentenced for breaking zimbabwe's immigration laws.
the court in zimbabwe also orders his deportation from the country.
a charge of being in possession of pornographic material is dropped.
1029	potential donors can watch heart-felt appeals from patients on the website.
the.
uk’s transplant watchdog say they were not sure what the legal implications of the new system would be.
1030	former world no. 1 carlos moya calls time on his tennis career due to injury problems.
the 34-year-old spaniard has not played since losing at the madrid open in may.
he won 20 titles in 15 years on the atp tour, including the 1998 french open.
moya was the first player from his country to top the men's world rankings.
1031	lauryn robinson, seven, has been diagnosed with two types of leukaemia.
originally diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia but doctors later realised she also suffered with non-hodgkin lymphoma.
she is the first child in the world to suffer from dual hit leukaemia, which is so rare it has only been diagnosed around 200 times medical history.
once she goes into remission she will need a bone marrow transplant.
mother emma, 34, is urging more people to sign up to become a donor.
1032	new: chandra levy's death is a "life sentence" for family, susan levy says.
source tells cnn that inmate ingmar guandique "was running his mouth" in prison.
guandique is serving time for attacks in park where chandra levy's remains found.
chandra levy went missing may 1, 2001; her remains were found may 22, 2002.
1033	spoof greek statues show naked men with beer guts clutching darts and snooker cue.
1034	network is said to be investing $50 million to produce the show.
fox is betting on the show to replace 'x factor' and 'american idol'
fifteen participants will reboot society and create their own.
1035	experts say breast milk is easier for babies to digest.
kate has been seen in a £50 dress made for breast-feeding mothers.
the dress from seraphine now has a four-week waiting list.
1036	fragrances, which is based in the ritz-carlton hotel in berlin.
it is the world's first bar dedicated to cocktails matched with perfume.
menu is designed by mixologist and perfume expert henning heisse.
1037	democrats hit a 30-year low in favorability ratings.
a pair of survey released wednesday show sagging ratings for democrats and the president.
the numbers come in the last three weeks of an election where gop has tried to link dem. candidates to obama.
president obama is facing an all-time low 40% approval mark.
1038	jerry seinfeld: george carlin "one of the mount rushmore guys" in comedy.
lewis black recalls carlin phoning him out of the blue to pick him up.
famed comedian dies of heart failure at age 71.
1039	bayern munich stretch unbeaten bundesliga record to 44 games.
thrash eintracht frankfurt 5-0 in allianz arena.
13 points clear of bayer leverkusen in league standings.
arsenal return to top of english premier league with home win over crystal.
1040	michael adebolajo filmed addressing crowd of young muslims outside mosque in north london on anniversary of 9/11.
alleged killer tells them not to be scared of 'filthy non-believers'
moments later crowd hurl bricks and fireworks at the police.
1041	current co-presidents at the tech giant safra catz and mark hurd will step up to become co-ceos.
ellison recently turned 70 and is the world's 5th richest man with a worth of $51.3 billion.
ellison uses his billions to collect multimillion dollar homes, most notably in malibu's elite carbon beach.
he's said to at one time or another owned around 24 homes in so-called 'millionaire beach'
ellison owns all but a tiny percentage of an entire hawaiian island: lanai, the state smallest publicly accessible island.
1042	diego costa and cesc fabregas started for chelsea on saturday.
pair weren't fit enough to play for spain during the international break.
sergio ramos questioned the commitment of certain international stars.
vincent kompany missed belgium game but played for city vs swansea.
1043	state-backed rbs has been fined £390m for its part in libor scandal.
regulators released swaggering e-mails swapped by traders.
joked about manipulating rates up and down in damning messages.
1044	medal hopeful payne, 24, fourth in gruelling open water event in hyde park.
1045	tavecchio drew heavy criticism by making an allegedly racist comment.
tavecchio referred to african players as 'banana eaters'
the 71-year-old beat demetrio albertini with 63.33 per cent of vote.
1046	actor, 81, formally denies charges at preston crown court, lancashire.
arrested at home in may and charged with rape and indecent assaults.
allegations against veteran soap star involve girls aged 11-12, 15 & 16.
1047	the gop's conservative base has never warmed to christie.
christie's public embrace of president obama in 2012 hurt him with republicans.
gop sen. rand paul, a tea party favorite seemed to take a dig at christie.
but a gop strategist says: "i do not believe there's going to be any retribution from conservatives over this"
1048	scientists say hull found at the wtc site likely originated from a forest in the philadelphia area.
vessel likely built around 1773 and believed to have been a "hudson river sloop" ship.
scientists analyzed and compared tree-rings on wood from the ship with wood samples to determine probable age.
ship's hull was found by archeologists at ground zero site in july 2010.
1049	mccready shot herself at her home in heber springs, arkansas, on sunday, february, 17th.
her funeral service was held at the crossroads baptist church in her hometown of fort myers, florida.
over 400 mourners were in attendance.
the country singers mother melody gayle inge, said the singer will always be her little girl in a car-seat singing into a hairbrush.
1050	research says if you touch an item in a store, you are more likely to overpay for it.
people form emotional attachments with merchandise.
to save money, identify and avoid your emotional shopping habits.
find many more money-saving tips at cnn.com/clarkhoward.
1051	robby gordon is facing disqualification from this year's dakar rally.
stewards want to throw the american out of the race over his hummer's engine.
marc coma now just 16 seconds behind cyril despres in motorcycle section.
1052	it's going to be the closest shave in known history, nasa expert says.
asteroid 2012 da14 is traveling at 17,400 mph.
star gazers will likely turn out for a peek in eastern europe, asia and australia.
asteroids may be mined in space for their natural resources some day.
1053	akilah and kris bickered over everything shortly after they married in 2002.
when faced with a problem, akilah preferred to talk; kris would try to drop the subject.
while rehearsing divorce talks for daughters, couple explored relationship.
learning to understand each others' feelings saved their union.
1054	new: staff sgt. brandie lane wins a grammy and sees julie andrews in person.
lane was a record label's head audio engineer before joining the army.
she's now an audio engineer for the west point band.
"the whole experience was literally a dream come true," she says monday.
1055	sir cliff reported to be 'confident' sex abuse allegations will be dropped.
has added an extra date at royal albert hall to his forthcoming tour.
source close to him says he's impatient to put the allegations behind him.
detectives swooped on 74-year-old's apartment in berkshire in august.
follows a report a teenager was attacked at an event in sheffield in 1985.
singer has strongly denied the allegation and police have not pressed any charges.
1056	hundreds of tributes left to lee rigby, 25, who was brutally killed in the street on wednesday.
flowers, teddy bears, poems and messages honour memory of 'true hero' who served in afghanistan.
book of condolence opened at woolwich town hall, close to where the soldier was killed.
1057	new underwater room opened on pemba island, tanzania.
floating three-level structure was designed by swedish company.
1058	the violence in iraq is a reminder the country is far from stable, but oil production is set to rise this year.
its forecasts have previously been ratcheted down and more realistic targets set.
deputy pm hussain al-shahristani said new fields would add to production.
thawing relations between tehran and washington could assist in this.
1059	the usb socket is available from midlands-based firm group gear.
the plate features two standard uk 3-pin sockets and two usb ports.
it fits any backbox up to a depth of 25mm and ports are limited to 2 amps.
this means only the required power is delivered to the devices.
it is not known whether the company will branch out into foreign sockets.
1060	new: band issues statement to fans: "we have no more information than you do"
lambesis is to be arraigned thursday.
he was arrested tuesday without incident.
"what i'm passionate about is my loved ones back home," he has said.
1061	cbc radio 2 asks listeners to pick 49 songs that best define canada.
they're building playlist so barack obama can better understand neighbor to north.
options have wide range: classical, classic rock, contemporary fare.
1062	will give amputees a genuine sense of touch.
attached directly to the nervous system via electrodes.
'we hope one day the user will just forget it's there' dr silvestro micera.
1063	petit has hit out at the apathy in france towards former team-mate henry.
he also claimed the country would be better off under german rule.
it's been suggested that henry will be awarded a one-off game for france.
henry is leaving the new york red bulls and is set to retire from the game.
arsene wenger believes henry will 'certainly' return to arsenal one day.
1064	tripadvisor announces travelers' choice awards for hotels.
a maldives resort earns the top global award.
1065	camera owner attaches slice of bread to gopro to attract local wildlife.
inquisitive squirrel takes whole camera and makes off up a tree with it.
drops the camera out of the tree after realising it couldn't eat it.
1066	foreign office confirm woman is being treated in hospital for wounds.
also confirmed british man arrested, he was 'found shirtless at a bus stop'
man will appear in court in albufeira, portugal, tomorrow, reports claim.
1067	bieber's neighbors could make a citizen's arrest, a police spokesman says.
over the weekend, beverly hills police were called to bieber's building because of loud parties.
the singer moved to the condo after selling the home in an area where he egged neighbors.
bieber is on two years' probation for vandalism against his neighbor.
1068	revealed that the new rules were effectively already in place, and had been since a meeting of commonwealth leaders in perth, australia, last october.
the 16 countries who share the british monarch as head of state agreed to change the current 300-year-old law which gives male heirs priority.
1069	u.s. navy: the reagan will replace the washington at yokosuka naval base.
the uss ronald reagan will leave its current home port in san diego.
the uss george washington will go to virginia for overhaul and refueling.
1070	thief pictured wearing a stripey blue and white jersey with a black woolly hat.
outfit resembles the one worn by children's cartoon character burglar bill.
real-life thief caught on cctv stealing from waitrose in southend, essex.
police appealing for anyone who recognises 'bill' to come forward.
1071	emmett and owen ezell returned to medical city hospital in dallas, texas.
they were separated at the hospital last august, sharing liver and intestines.
the boys now breathe on their own but still rely on feeding tubes.
nevertheless, owen's already crawling and mum says emmett not far behind.
1072	kishore nimmala and fakhara sultana met at the ruby blue bar in leicester square.
he had already spent £54 on two rounds of drinks when he asked her to pay for a third.
as the pair walked to the station, he allegedly stole the woman's white blackberry.
1073	police say karim benzema was clocked at 216 kph in a 100-kph zone on a madrid highway.
authorities did not immediately pursue benzema because of safety concerns, police say.
they say they tracked him down using the vehicle's license plate.
he could lose his license for at least a year, be jailed or fined, or face community service.
1074	the world number three helped switzerland into their first davis cup final in 22 years.
roger federer saw off italian fabio fognini in straight sets.
federer will play in his first david cup final of his career as a result.
1075	thought the outermost layer of the brain is connected to intelligence.
studies already proves that the cerebral cortex plays a key role in memory.
research by kings college london is first to prove link between intelligence and grey matter.
1076	growth in 2012 will be just 0.2%, imf economists predict - 0.6% down on previous forecast.
imf calls on leaders to take decisive action to solve eurozone crisis which continues to spook markets.
1077	amrik gill, 26, said his time in jail was 'not long enough'
tout also went online to thank the public for 'making his holiday possible'
gill was jailed for 18 months for selling tickets he never had.
1078	a trailer for 2015's "the little prince" arrived this week.
the animated movie is an adaptation of the classic book.
the current trailer is in french.
1079	the v8 hotel in stuttgart, germany, features ten car themed rooms.
guests can sleep in car wash, cinema drive-in or vehicle scrap yard.
building was formally the terminal for the boblingen airport before being transformed into the hotel.
1080	tom graham leaving the archers after 17 years as tom archer.
graham, 34, has said he has been dropped by radio 4 bosses.
1081	police enter top floor of duplex believed to be linked to temple killer.
seven dead and dozens injured in attack on sikh temple of wisconsin.
1082	called demodex, they live in our hair follicles, buried head-down, eating the oils we secrete.
human faces host two species of mites - demodex folliculorum and demodex brevis.
researchers found 100% of faces they examined had the mites.
1083	education secretary surprised to find his car not waiting for him.
he had been briefing david cameron ahead of prime minister's questions.
downing street was in lockdown and the ministerial car was barred.
but no cross words for officers from the 'politest man in politics'
andrew mitchell quit after telling police 'you're supposed to f***ing help us'
1084	about five to six men armed with knives and cleavers wound nine students.
attack in southern china is latest of several attacks by assailants with knives or cleavers.
one student had his hand cut off, while eight others suffered various injuries.
1085	swedish couple jossie and sonnie gustavsson tied the knot at trekkie convention in london.
the pair were surrounded by thousands of star trek fans as the made their vows - in klingon.
1086	david perry's daughter came home from school with some notions about columbus.
much of what we think we know about the explorer turns out to be incorrect, perry says.
perry: columbus didn't prove earth was round, didn't really "discover" a continent.
1087	children were walking to elementary school in guanxi province, south china.
a middle-aged man is said to have slashed at them from a motorcycle.
appalling incident saw three die at scene with another dying later in hospital.
a manhunt is now on for a 56-year-old suspect.
murders follow string of knife attacks on chinese pupils in recent years.
1088	footage emerged from the wisconsin plane crash on the weekend that saw nine skydivers make emergency jumps from their planes after a collision.
majority of the video taken from the helmet of one of the divers, amy polson, who inside the lead plane when it made contact with the second, causing an eruption of flames.
you can see the moment two jumpers were sent flying into the air after impact.
miraculously, all nine involved survived, with only one reporting injuries.
investigation underway to determine how the planes came to hit.
1089	west mercia police said investigation concerns deaths of patients formerly under the care of colorectal surgeon sudip sarker.
worcestershire acute hospitals nhs trust said it was cooperating fully with the police inquiry, which is examining at least three deaths.
an earlier version of this article wrongly said that sudip sarker worked for more than a year after concerns were first raised in june 2012. in fact his work was supervised from july and he was excluded by his nhs trust in october that year.
1090	rapid white dissolving strips could strip enamel off teeth.
beverly hills dentist's choice gum has no whitening ingredients in it.
it has some drawbacks, but pearl drops serum gets the highest rating.
1091	national crime agency is launching new campaign to increase awareness of the dangers of not protecting yourself online.
office of national statistics reports 10,000 victims of computer viruses in uk in 2013.
government spending  £860million over five years to make uk safe online.
inventor of technology to keep web transaction secure claims that anti-virus software does not work.
cambridge university professor says cybercrime cost vastly overestimated.
1092	new: u.s. economists win prize for study of market design and matching theory.
new: their work is used in education and organ transplants, among other things.
economics was added as a category in 1969 by the swedish central bank.
two american professors also shared the 2011 nobel prize for economics.
1093	singers replace daniel radcliffe at top of list.
highest new entry is dj calvin harris with £22.2 million.
harry potter star radcliffe had topped the list since 2010.
1094	malcolm brenner, 63, pursued relationship with bottlenose dolly in 1971.
brenner describes their sexual encounters in new documentary film.
in an interview with kyle and jackie o on kiis fm on monday morning, brenner revealed he tried to have sex with his family dog in his teens.
brenner also spoke of being seduced by dolly, who rubbed herself on him.
he claims their after-dark encounter at theme park was consensual.
1095	nypd officer and his brother, a border protection officer in los angeles, are arrested.
they sent rifles and pistols to another brother in the philippines, authorities say.
the weapons included military-style rifles, the u.s. attorney says.
1096	rogerio santos said mark menzies paid for sex and asked him for drugs.
says he was later asked to get hold of class-b drug methedrone.
he quit after claims put to him but said many of the allegations were untrue.
tory source said menzies would be 'getting help with personal issues'
menzies entered commons in 2010 and worked for minister alan duncan.
tory colleagues have downplayed the impact of his 'very sad' resignation.
1097	mandela is showing 'sustained improvement' from six-week illness.
much-loved former south african president turned 95 on july 18.
president zuma asked the nation to keep mr mandela in its prayers.
1098	mark hughes accuses arsene wenger of "not knowing how to behave" after a defeat.
wenger has been involved in confrontations with several managers before.
he had a fierce rivalry with alex ferguson which subsided with arsenal's declining fortunes.
jose mourinho has achieved particular notoriety, especially while at chelsea.
1099	port authority officer jesse turano started working at the bridge in 2010.
the nine-year veteran has saved men and women of all ages from jumping.
he and his partner, brendan mulderrig, saved a 37-year-old man on tuesday.
they found the man's abandoned car on the side of the road and he was on the edge of the bridge's rail screaming into his phone.
1100	jane pickett, 93, had been due to graduate from high school in 1939.
graduation ceremony however was held on the same day as her wedding.
as a result she never received her diploma - until now.
her daughter arranged for it to be sent by the school on the same week as her 93rd birthday.
1101	the morlock family was struck by lightning while inside their suv.
moments before the strike, tanner morlock commented that he wished lightning would strike the car.
the experience inside the car was captured on a camera phone.
1102	residents will not be able to claim the cost on their home insurance.
the department for environment, food and rural affairs says they will not offer compensation.
the horticultural trades association says it could aid the spread of disease because there is no incentive to report infected trees.
1103	j d wetherspoon given go-ahead for £2 million bar and restaurant.
24-hour pub will open on the m40 at beaconsfield, buckinghamshire.
anti drink-drive campaigners call the plans a 'disaster waiting to happen'
1104	as of thursday the petition had more than 80,000 signatures.
the duggars are known as devout christians.
the petition also mentions their son's new job.
1105	patricia krentcil, 47, known for frying herself on dangerous tanning beds.
insists she's given up tanning but has discovered botox.
has £200 injections every three months.
1106	paul dewolf was found dead in his ann arbor, michigan apartment on july 24 from a single gunshot wound.
shaquille jones, 21, was arrested in north charleston, south carolina and charged with murder.
another man, joei jordan, was charged with concealing stolen property.
police have not said what helped them make the cross-country connection.
shocked friends and family described the medical student as gifted.
1107	eric garner was killed by officers in july who grabbed his neck.
sparked waves of protest and calls for police reform.
medical report found chokehold killed garner but ill health contributed.
police union reps say nypd has been 'thrown under the bus' by politicians.
1108	special agent daniel knapp drowned helping a struggling swimmer.
he reached the 18-year-old and was assisting him, but was overcome by waves.
a police boat reached the swimmer and he was pulled to safety.
knapp "exemplified each of the ideals of the fbi," field office chief says.
1109	amy and ella meek taken out of school for year-long educational tour of uk.
parents tim and kerry sold their house and will teach children on the road.
journey to include visits to landmarks like stonehenge and hadrian's wall.
couple took decision after becoming disillusioned with the school system.
but they are not unhappy with the school their children were attending.
the trip will cover around 20,000 miles and is expected to cost up to £20,000.
1110	bobby vaughn, 32, is recovering at the same hospital as aimee copeland, the first victim of necrotitis faciitis.
miss copeland, 24, has one leg, one foot and both hands amputated as the infection spread rapidly.
lana kuykendall, 36, was infected after she gave birth to twins at emory university hospital in atlanta.
1111	bernard manning's embassy club was overrun by 250 youngsters.
it closed early after hordes turned up when party went viral on facebook.
the teenager's mother has spoken of her daughter's devastation.
more than a dozen police cars were sent to disperse crowds.
one resident said the late-night disturbance was like a 'riot'
1112	parents who lost their two children in the 2004 tsunami claim to have found their daughter 10 years later.
raudhatul jannah was given up for dead by her family.
mother says her brother spotted a girl who looked like the long-lost girl.
jannah was rescued by a fisherman and raised by the fisherman's mother, who called her wenni.
1113	at £600 professional whitening treatments are a luxury few can afford.
pearl drops pure white whitening kit promises same results for £25.
the kit combines three steps for you to complete in your own bathroom.
pearl drops pure white whitening kit, £24.99, boots.
1114	the free ultravisual app is being dubbed instagram for gifs.
it lets users edit images and videos, add filters and create collections.
to create gifs, users upload videos and trim to the desired length.
these are then shared with uv and can be posted on other social networks.
1115	ravel chanel dixon, 22, a single mother and college student, was reportedly arrested on tuesday for offering sex, drugs or money to an undercover cop.
she was charged on friday in connection to the murder of 66-year-old investor raveesh kumra.
dixon is not being charged with the november 30 homicide.
she is being charged with 'accessory after the fact' in the killing of kumra.
1116	tatyana mcfadden spent her first six years in a russian orphanage.
she was born with spina bifida, and her legs have never worked.
she is a 10-time olympic medalist in wheelchair racing.
1117	netflix and amazon are adding new titles for may.
netflix has expanded its collection of james bond and godzilla movies.
amazon has added some hbo shows.
1118	french rescuers believe she'd been buried since the earthquake struck 15 days ago.
girl was found in poor condition but was stable and talking.
it took six hours to extract her from the rubble.
it's believed that she had access to water in the bathroom of her house.
1119	scientists have spent the past fortnight on the western antarctic ice sheet trying to drill down to ice-locked lake ellsworth.
they hope to find life forms which have been shut off from the rest of the earth for at least 100,000 years.
however malfunctioning boilers have now pitted them in a race against time to complete the project before their equipment freezes.
1120	new: wide receiver thomas johnson is safe, police say.
new: police did not say where he was found.
he had been missing since monday.
1121	16 former military officers are sentenced for human rights abuses.
woman whose family members were killed: "we have justice"
victims wait outside the courthouse to watch a judge read the sentences.
alfredo astiz, known as the "blonde angel of death," is sentenced to life in prison.
1122	veronica roach came across 'freezing' pensioner selling poppies outside.
she claims morrisons manager said there was not enough room inside.
he then allegedly said the war veteran should 'get a warmer coat tomorrow'
temperature was around 14c on saturday morning in taunton, somerset.
but royal british legion said sellers prefer to collect outside supermarkets.
morrisons said there had been a 'misunderstanding' by manager of store.
1123	reza ghoochannejhad pulls one back for iran meaning they need two goals in the last ten minutes to go through to the last 16.
edin dzeko strikes the ball into the bottom corner and gives bosnia-herzegovina the lead.
ashkan dejagah and co seek historical win and progress into last 16.
edin dzeko's bosnia already out of the competition in brazil.
carlos queiroz can lead iran into the last-16 with a win.
they need nigeria to lose against argentina in the other game.
1124	deirdre kelly, 43, enjoyed huge boost to her profile at tory conference.
c4 documentary's star now invited to string of student debating societies.
appearance fee is £1,500 to £3,000 and she can manage four gigs a night.
hundreds of nightclub revellers turned up to meet-and-greet in stoke.
manager says she has now entered the 40 per cent income tax bracket.
but she still hasn't ruled out standing to be an mp at next year's election.
1125	you know it's christmas when the festive sandwiches hit the shops.
every high street chain brings out their own version.
but not all are created equal.
1126	afp says staff reporter sardar ahmad is among those killed in an attack on a kabul hotel.
his wife and two of his children were also among the nine who died, news agency says.
police say four teenagers with pistols carried out the attack in the serena hotel.
1127	asma al-assad, 36, joked about the people of homs as troops slaughtered thousands in rebel-held city.
tells her husband: 'if we are strong together, we will overcome this together.... i love you'
fighting reported in upmarket district of damascus following bomb attacks.
1128	andy bush, 48, was allegedly killed by his ex-girlfriend in april.
he was visiting spain with current girlfriend maria korotaeva at the time.
but a spanish.
judge has insisted his body has to stay in the country.
his devastated.
family are flying out to spain today to bury him.
1129	police say "political and religious motives" were indicated.
convert said he was angry over military's treatment of muslims, police say.
one soldier killed, one wounded in monday's shootings.
1130	jeffrey toobin: trayvon martin, 17, was shot dead out buying candy in horrifying case.
"stand your ground" law allows killing if shooter feels "reasonably" threatened, he says.
toobin: law means alleged shooter's killing is justified by his own perception of threat.
trayvon no longer here to give his side, toobin says.
1131	david moyes was investigated by police after a bar fight.
former everton and manchester united manager was cleared.
united finished seventh under moyes after sir alex ferguson retired.
1132	claimed four boston police officers 'dragged' him to a sidewalk when he refused to move his parked truck during a funeral procession in 2009 for sen. ted kennedy.
said he was knocked 'facedown, and handcuffed with his arms behind his back' by officers.
1133	fernando flores seeking $10m for psychological damages claiming he was victim of 'unwanted' sexual advances.
alleges spears had terrible personal hygiene and used drugs.
previous lawsuit documents claim singer exposed herself in front of flores and repeatedly attempted to lure him into bed.
spears denies claims and says former bodyguard is 'a liar'
1134	manchester united and west ham drew 1-1 in their premier league clash.
sam allardyce accused united of playing long-ball football.
louis van gaal reacted angrily to the suggestion.
but allardyce insisted he stands by his statement.
1135	department for international development is funding training.
3ft long gambian species to sniff out deadly concealed weapons.
the giant rodents are light enough to walk over the mines.
1136	rice is naturally low in sodium and contains no cholesterol or trans fats.
study shows that eating either brown or white rice will improve diet.
experts looked at the rice intake of more than 14,000 us adults.
brown rice is slightly higher in fibre compared with its white counterpart.
back to mail online home.
back to the page you came from.
1137	cole hall, site of shootings, to be replaced by high-tech "memorial hall"
steven kazmierczak opened fire in geology lecture hall february 14.
kazmierczak shot 21 people, killing five of them, then killed himself, police say.
shooter's girlfriend says he stopped taking antidepressant a few weeks earlier.
1138	memorabilia marking the birth of the future king is being sold at half price.
the prince george branded items are the only things to be reduced.
a limited edition loving cup will now set you back £95 instead of £195.
1139	melinda bachini was diagnosed with bile duct cancer in december 2009.
mother-of-six's first round of chemotherapy failed to shrink her tumours.
she researched her options and signed up to a new trial in maryland.
45-year-old's own immune cells were harvested from her body.
the cd4 t-cells, fight the disease but are often overwhelmed.
scientists replicated mrs bachini's t-cells and implanted them in her body.
her tumours have since shrunk by around 25 per cent.
expert hails the treatment a 'blueprint for treating the disease'
1140	about 75 soldiers will be deployed to carry out  'defensive' infantry training.
pm revealed troop deployment to mps on commons liaison committee.
he said uk should not allow russia to swallow up small european states.
mr cameron said putin's goal to swallow up new territory becoming clear.
he said if uk did not act now putin would target moldova and baltic states.
british personnel will be deployed to ukraine over the next few weeks.
1141	richard otunga, 37, repeatedly stabbed shamim gabriel, 33, in brutal attack.
jealous husband had discovered his wife was getting texts from other men.
ms gabriel’s father found her lying in blood wearing only her underwear.
1142	bert lock was helping neighbours when barclays door crushed him.
he was knocked over, broke his hand and damaged his walking frame.
barclays have not apologised and are investigating the incident.
1143	adm. mike mullen tells west point graduates to close the military-civilian gap.
he says civilians know little about the sacrifices of the military.
he asks america's newest officers to help solve the problem.
1144	kate lancaster, 37, was buying fruit from self-service till in tesco metro.
till message said she needed id, and when staff ignored her she left.
tesco told her that fruit was restricted because it could be fermented.
but store has since clarified saying comments were meant as a joke.
1145	the u.s. secretary of defense says israeli isolation is not "a good situation" in the middle east.
panetta says he plans to offer u.s. help to israel to improve its relationships.
panetta says there is little question israel has maintained its military superiority in the region.
he'll meet with israeli, palestinian and egyptian leaders before heading to belgium.
1146	borussia dortmund are preparing for the loss of marco reus next summer.
bayern munich and manchester city are keen on the germany star.
bild say that dortmund will target chelsea's andre schurrle.
schurrle has made just four premier league starts this season.
1147	tensions flare again between north, south korea.
experts say west should pay attention to north korea's saber-rattling.
kim jong un is still young and his actions are difficult to predict, they say.
1148	lama al-ghamdi, 5, was hospitalized for her injuries last march and died in october.
activists and lama's mother accuse her father, fayhan al-ghamdi, of beating her.
attempts to reach the father have been unsuccessful.
activist: case highlights need to better protect saudi women, children from domestic violence.
1149	the black knight transformer is capable of both flying and driving.
the remoted-controlled robotic warrior was developed for the u.s. military.
first video of the machine in action now released by advanced tactics.
the el segundo-based company show transformer flying through the desert.
1150	tasmanian parliament will introduce the same-sex marriage bill this week.
tasmania could become the first state in australia to legalize same sex marriage.
pm julia gillard, opposition leader tony abbott say marriage is vow between man and woman.
robbie moore and matt hastings have faced much prejudice but now hope to marry.
1151	rose hill estate near suwanee in georgia consists of over 35,000 square feet of space and includes eight bedroom, five kitchens and a massive seventeen bathrooms.
the sprawling georgia mansion was custom built at great expense, but is currently listed for sale at $14 million by the owners who've remarkably never live in it.
when designing the home, the owners refused to skimp on the fixtures and fittings which include ancient heart pine floors, custom cabinets, trim, and millwork.
yet the house has remained on the market since it was completed and was originally listed for $17 million in 2012.
1152	the 45-year-old has hit out against pressure to stay 'ageless' in hollywood.
admits she wishes she could 'beg' friends not to have surgery.
says she is grateful for being able to learn from the mistakes of others.
surgery shows a woman is 'insecure' and makes her 'look older'
also says fiance justin would 'put a gun' to her if she had procedures.
1153	israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu says hamas is responsible, "will pay"
israel has arrested hundreds, demolished homes, closed institutions, he adds.
a little-known group supporting the "islamic state" claims responsibility for teens' deaths.
the 3 teens are remembered as "gifted, pure, honest and decent" at their funeral.
1154	faa spokeswoman: a delta flight from phoenix was coming in to land friday night.
a small regional jet was also attempting to land at the time, she says.
they were separated by two horizontal miles.
the standard separation distance is three miles.
1155	you could be getting a tan in florida or the caribbean at a discount.
new york is chilly but greenwich village and madison avenue are still hot.
boston and cape cod are on sale this time of year.
1156	eliza delacruz, three weeks, was not in her crib when police arrived at her family's home saturday night after a shooting.
on sunday, the baby's body was found in a dumpster near the mexico border.
baby eliza's mother, father and uncle were hit in the saturday night shooting; the mother and uncle remain hospitalized in critical condition.
police believe a hispanic or african-american man took the child.
1157	"mad men" star jon hamm earned another golden globe nomination.
hamm says hair is a pain -- especially short and lacquered for "mad men"
actor currently appearing in "the day the earth stood still"
1158	seven years after former us vice-president al gore's warning, arctic ice cap has expanded for second year in row.
an area twice the size of alaska - america's biggest state - was open water two years ago and is now covered in ice.
these satellite images taken from university of illinois's cryosphere project show ice has become more concentrated.
1159	tottenham head coach mauricio pochettino disappointed with 1-1 draw.
spurs held at home by fiorentina in europa league last-32 first leg.
roberto soldado gave hosts the lead before la viola equalised.
1160	lindt cafe siege labelled a terrorist attack for insurance purposes.
it's positive news for businesses who were affected by man monis' actions.
insurers will be barred from refusing claims because of terror clauses.
treasurer joe hockey made the announcement in a statement thursday.
1161	website hack the menu, reveals secret orders at us outlets.
suggestions include officially recognised products and customer creations.
regulars at kfc can order a triple down - a double-decker egg, bacon and cheese sandwich but with fried chicken instead of bread.
mcdonalds' monster mac has eight burgers crammed between the buns.
1162	benjamin britten high school in suffolk has brought in card system.
passes are used by 'a minority' of students with behavioural problems or who are dealing with issues such as bereavement.
cards allow other children to continue with their work without disruption.
around 30 children out of 1,000 at the school have access to the cards.
school was placed in special measures after 'inadequate' ofsted rating.
1163	joaquin guzman named 'world's most powerful drug lord' by us treasury now still on the lam.
locals reported violent gunfight between rival gangs in peten region, but one body may have simply resembled the drug lord.
has been on the run since daring 2001 mexican jailbreak in a laundry truck.
forbes estimated this month his fortune worth more than $1billion.
1164	shooting occurred monday afternoon - only one person was injured and no others were in danger.
the shooter and the victim were in a relationship according to the san antonio police chief.
shooter was arrested, and the victim is in stable condition.
1165	ivan sigal and rebecca mackinnon say congress is mulling bills to stop online piracy.
laws would make social media platforms proactively police for copyright violations, they say.
they say drafters mean to protect copyright, but effect will be to stifle dissent.
writers:  laws should reflect congress' stated aim to protect rights of internet users globally.
1166	witnesses say isis are carrying out test flights at an airport near aleppo.
understood to have captured three soviet-made jets from syrian air force.
they are using former iraqi air force officers to train prospective pilots.
news comes as al qaeda looks to mend relations with the islamic state.
statement emerged today calling for jihadists to set aside their differences.
1167	dr anand kamath was investigated over minor record keeping problems.
his wife and fellow dentist dr rajni prasad accused health chiefs of driving her husband to suicide.
dr prasad said they felt 'very vulnerable and harassed and bullied' by trust.
1168	more than five million have no idea they suffer from high blood pressure.
condition called uk's biggest 'silent killer' because it has no obvious signs.
7.6million people have already been diagnosed and take drugs to control it.
1169	uruguay defeats italy 1-0 to book place in knockout phase.
diego godin's header secured victory in natal.
italy coach cesare prandelli offers his resignation.
costa rica wins group d following goalless draw with england.
1170	crazed rintu karmakar, 60, beheaded wife monu, 55, as she slept.
he was furious that she hadn't done any housework or prepared a meal.
after killing he cooked his own meal before driving to the police station.
1171	alabama chief justice roy moore sent a last-minute directive to the state's judges ordering them not to issue marriage licenses.
it's unclear whether moore can stop the marriages after a us district judge ruled the state's gay marriage unconstitutional last month.
one couple pitched a tent in montgomery and planned to wait until monday, the date scheduled for the first same-sex licenses.
1172	an estimated 9.5 millionaires in world are worth $37.2 trillion, merrill lynch reports.
world's elite rich gave an estimated $285 billion to charity in 2006.
philanthropy can spur a backlash from host nations.
1173	andrew chimboza, 35, told cape town police he had eaten a human heart.
he said in a statement that he had killed a mbuyiselo manona in self defence.
he said that he had stabbed him in the chest, sliced his heart and eaten it.
the autopsy report claimed that the victim would have been alive at the time.
1174	kumar sangakkara has notched up 12,203 test runs.
sangakkara is set to retire from one-day international cricket after the world cup.
he has previously played for warwickshire and durham.
1175	team usa rugby star perry baker kicks pitch invader in the stomach.
rugby fan ran onto the pitch and tackled baker.
incident took place saturday during hsbc sevens world series match between south africa and usa.
team usa player baker, 28, later apologised on twitter for kicking intruder.
1176	david cameron said he was 'not keen' on the idea of eating horse.
princess anne had suggested it earlier this week at a conference.
it was floated as a way to help improve horse welfare.
1177	the xperia z ultra can be used underwater up to a depth of 1.5m.
users can even take photographs and film hd video underwater.
sony claims that is has the biggest display and is the thinnest large-screen smartphone on the market.
1178	fans aim catcalls and whistles from the grandstands at the inactivity.
alonso finished the second session fastest ahead of lewis hamilton.
hamilton, who overslept, was quickest in the morning ahead of rosberg.
the brit is gunning for his fifth straight win at this weekend's monaco gp.
1179	maria bartiromo's contract with cnbc expires november 24.
the drudge report says bartiromo will go to fox business network and also have a role on fox news.
neither party has confirmed the new position.
1180	mark hibberd, 46, started a relationship with suzanne clarkson in 2008.
she was diagnosed with breast cancer soon after and.
died in july 2010.
court heard he took money she inherited and transferred it to own account.
hibberd also took over £1,200 raised for her daughter, 5, through charity.
he admitted theft and was jailed for eight months - suspended for a year.
1181	some 150 million indians have no access to clean water, according to government data.
authorities are trying to make communities understand the importance of water quality.
the delhi government is setting up "water atms" to combat the shortages.
1182	patrica cothran, 59, died at her home in moore lane, culleoka, tennessee.
her husband james cothran, 70, refused to take off his shoes.
the shoes belonged to mrs cothran's father who died 30 years ago.
when he refused to take them off 'his wife came at him with the knife'
mr cothran claims he fired the gun at her out of self-defense.
1183	judge thokozile masipa must answer several questions to determine her ruling.
if pistorius knew he was shooting at reeva steenkamp, he committed murder.
if he did not, the verdict hinges on whether pistorius acted reasonably.
the sentence could be anything up to 25 years, depending on the verdict.
1184	johnny manziel was spotted chugging champagne straight from the bottle while poolside at his hotel in miami on wednesday.
this just days after the quarterback came under fire when he missed a treatment session because he overslept after a night of partying.
manziel was fined by the cleveland browns for missing the appointment, and columnist skip bayless said that the footballer needed help.
manziel's partying has been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began in july, with some worried his drinking was his priority.
the heisman trophy winner is now enjoying the off-season after a lackluster rookie year where he saw little playing time and just two starts.
1185	can generate 2d colour images at up to 100 billion frames per second.
could be used to analyse crime scenes and in medical imaging.
1186	tory mr harper has been immigration minister since 2012.
courted controversy with 'go home' vans targeting illegal workers.
he took on the cleaner in 2007, and said she provided correct documents.
but further checks by his staff last week found that she was here illegally.
no suggestion he knew she was here illegally, or broke the law himself.
minister apologised to david cameron and resigned his position.
labour said his mistake shows 'limits' to current immigration checks.
james brokenshire, who was security minister, has replaced mr harper.
1187	barry wilkes' tumour was found after he developed pain and nausea.
he had a six hour operation to remove the tumour in his abdomen, a growth in his bowel, and some cancerous lymph nodes.
he did not need chemotherapy or radiotherapy treatment as the surgery was believed to have successfully removed all of the cancerous cells.
he has now walked more than 1,250 miles to raise money for charity.
1188	the syrian national council warns a government operation appears imminent in homs.
at least 46 people died in syria on friday, 17 of them in homs, activists say.
the council says the regime is working to stoke sectarian strife.
the united states and britain express concern about homs.
1189	antivirus software mogul, 67, in the air on his way to miami.
belize authorities say they still want to question mcafee in the murder of his neighbor, gregory viant faull, 52.
he claims police in belize are 'corrupt' and he would have been killed if he turned himself in.
1190	dni oversees entire intelligence community; cia director concentrates on spy agency.
director of national intelligence role arose partly from reforms after 9/11.
ex-dni and ex-cia director both cite tensions between the organizations.
panetta was pressed on who's in charge at his confirmation hearing.
1191	new: foley's brother says "rigid policies" of u.s. hamper efforts to free captives.
new: he points to better international cooperation, consistency on ransoms.
new: james foley "didn't flinch," asked to be put "first in line," brother says.
u.n. condemns beheading of american journalist as "heinous and cowardly"
1192	morgan lane arnold and jason anthony bulmer were arrested on friday morning in the brutal slaying of arnold's dad dennis lane, 58.
couple also allegedly planned to kill lane's fiance denise geiger.
lane was a well respected blogger and real estate exec in howard county, maryland.
officers found the victim dead in an upstairs bedroom and the teens in a nearby room with bulmer covered in blood.
investigators claim arnold urged bulmer to commit the crime so they could run away together.
1193	at 543 practices 90 per cent of the gps are over 60 and soon to retire.
the problem has been worsened by younger gps quitting to work abroad.
waiting times to see a gp have been slammed as a 'national disgrace'
1194	cska moscow vs bayern munich at luzhniki stadium played behind closed doors as uefa punish russian champions' fans following racist chants.
bayern take lead in 22nd minute through thomas muller from penalty spot.
pep guardiola's men secure second champions league win in group e.
bayern fans rent an office in a nearby skyscraper for a bird's-eye view.
1195	ukrainian-born john demjanjuk loses an appeal to avoid deportation.
german authorities seek him for alleged involvement in nazi camp killings.
the retired autoworker denies all allegations.
demjanjuk, 89, lives with his wife in cleveland, ohio.
1196	starfish decoy towns in britain helped to dupe nazi aircraft during blitz.
they were built to lure enemy bombers away from more populated areas.
tanks containing diesel and paraffin were placed on top of 20ft towers.
diesel was released onto coke or coal before water was released on top.
caused a virtual explosion of fire and steam, looking like a burning town.
1197	randeep mann faces up to life in prison at his sentencing.
the february 2009 bombing nearly killed dr. trent pierce.
mann was facing disciplinary action before the state medical board.
1198	large european acoustic facility sound system is capable of generating more than 154 decibels and is housed in a special room in the netherlands.
the sound is the equivalent to standing next to several jets taking off.
it is used to blast satellites and spacecraft with sound.
large horns are housed in a sound-proofed room that is 16.4metres tall.
1199	four snowboarders and a skier were found 'wrapped around each other' reported one rescuer.
nearly 12,000 feet high, tragedy struck during the rocky mountain high backcountry bash.
ironically, the event benefited the colorado avalanche information center.
1200	shamelss actress, 51, had her first daughter at age 18.
had ivf in cyprus to conceive at 50 - and has embryos left over.
'if i can talk my husband round we might go back,' she says.
1201	ryan brunn tells an agent in georgia that he had nothing to do with the killing of jorelys rivera.
the agent confronts him about some responses.
later, brunn pleaded guilty and described in court how he killed the little girl.
brunn committed suicide after his sentencing.
1202	snoop dogg poses in barca strip ahead of travelling for gig.
also wears away kit during dj set in the spanish city.
but he has worn several strips over the year, including england's.
1203	nabilla benattia, 22, appeared in tv show alongside thomas vergara.
she was arrested after he was stabbed repeatedly in the throat and chest.
she reportedly said three men attacked him at hotel in paris suburb.
police took her into custody after source said account was 'incoherent'
1204	the airbus 320 toppled and skidded off tarmac after gear failed in storm.
it is understood that ten people of the 151 on board suffered minor injuries.
cause of malfunction is unclear and investigators are probing possibilities.
1205	the 27-year-old striker moves to nou camp after agreeing five-year deal.
uruguayan will travel to spain for a medical next week.
suarez will be unveiled as barcelona player after completing formalities.
but due to fifa ban he cannot be presented at the nou camp.
suarez says: ‘it is with a heavy heart that i leave liverpool for a new life. i have fallen in love with the incredible fans.’
‘i hope you can all understand why i have made this decision… thank you again. you'll never walk alone'
catalan club hail star’s ‘competitive spirit’
rodgers said: ‘if there is one thing the history of this great club teaches us, it is that liverpool fc is bigger than any individual’
1206	the clinic is run by a former physician who has had his license revoked five times, most recently for an illegal third trimester abortion.
dr. james pendergraft previously lost a $36million malpractice judgement, causing the state to seize all of his equipment and shutter his clinic.
pendergraft has reopened with borrowed equipment and a new business strategy.
1207	the 'that j. crew gingham shirt' instagram account documents men wearing j. crew's most popular shirt.
new yorker jon san founded the account after noticing that he couldn't go one day without being confronted by the same gingham shirt.
1208	brian williams, 25, faces four counts of murder in the killing of three people, including a pregnant woman and her unborn child.
williams allegedly shot 27-year-old james marsh; marsh's pregnant girlfriend, 26-year-old casey maples; and 40-year-old christina winden.
he told detectived of how he forced his way into the mobile home and wore a lampshade on his head as he calmly walked down the hall to kill the victims while they slept.
1209	real madrid reach knockout stage with 2-0 victory away to lyon.
cristiano ronaldo scores 100th goal for spanish club after his double.
bayern munich stay top of group a, while inter milan lead group b.
manchester united join benfica on eight points at the head of group c.
1210	napoli level on points with juventus after 2-0 win against catania.
juventus can restore three-point gap with win a chievo on sunday.
roma part company with coach zdenek zeman after string of poor results.
1211	writers: north korea's priority is being able to threaten u.s. and allies with nuclear arms.
it's a circular game, they say. north bullies, steps back; u.s. threatens, then talks.
writers: talks won't change situation. we must assess dangers, intentions, china, allies.
writers: we need serious and sustained pressure by all parties, including china.
1212	evans says he considered the accusers his friends.
"the complaints are completely false," he says.
the allegations involve two men in their 20s, the police say.
evans was elected deputy speaker of the house of commons in 2010.
1213	u.s. authorities have stepped up airport screening after failed christmas day attack.
consultant isaac yeffet says israel safeguards planes by interviewing all passengers.
he says well-trained agents can detect attackers and prevent incidents.
yeffet: security people need to be constantly tested -- and fired if they fail.
1214	monsanto gives up on multi-million pound genetically modified crop drive.
company says decision was due to 'low demand' of farmers and consumers.
comes as environment secretary launches series of pro-gm initiatives.
1215	a victoria police car was parked in a no standing zone.
the two officers were having breakfast at an outdoor table next to the car.
a disgruntled member of the public filmed them and posted it on the internet.
the incident happened on hawthorn road, caufield north, in melbourne's inner south-east.
the clip has received more than 230,000 views in just 21 hours.
1216	lisa swinton mclaughlin, 56, gave birth by cesarean section on december 27 to sons, jordan and dylan.
she died on january 4 from a bowel obstruction - she had been in pain, but thought it was the result of the incision.
husband, 67, now faces prospect of raising their sons alone.
1217	nfl star david diehl, 31, apologised on twitter to family, fans and team.
new york giants offensive lineman had been in a bar celebrating croatia's 3-1 win over the republic of ireland in the euro 2012 soccer tournament.
1218	heidi schlumpf: news reports said pope told boy dogs go to heaven; report proved untrue.
story went viral because it fit pattern of pronouncements many expect of pope francis, she says.
claims are that paul vi said something more like that, not francis, she says. either way...... catholic catechism clear: animals don't have immortal souls for heaven entry, she says.
1219	rock star sheryl crow appeared on entertainment tonight and was hesitant to discus former fiance lance armstrong.
armstrong was briefly engaged to crow before they called it quits in 2006.
she said that she 'felt bad for his family and i kind of felt like the rest of america'
1220	stampede outside home of syedna mohammed burhanuddin, spiritual leader of dawoodi bohra muslim community.
he died on friday and his body had been placed in his home to allow followers to pay their respects.
the 102-year-old leader of a muslim sect lived in malabar hill, a wealthy part of the city.
1221	mariam yahya ibrahim ishag, 27, was sentenced to death last week for refusing to renounce her christian faith in front of sudanese court which considers her a muslim.
she was also charged with adultery for marrying christian daniel wani and sentenced to 100 lashes.
she told the sudanese court: 'i was never a muslim. i was raised a christian from the start'
ishag is considered a muslim by the.
court because her father was a sudanese muslim despite her being raised.
by a christian mother.
she has been shackled at the legs in prison where she is being held with the couple's 20-month-old son martin.
the couple's lawyer is working on an appeal to the 27-year-old's sentence amid mounting international pressure.
mr wani was born in war-torn sudan but fled to the u.s. in 1998. he settled in manchester, new hampshire.
daniel wani says his son martin is a u.s. citizen, but state department would not confirm the boy's legal status.
the husband was allegedly asked to send a dna sample to u.s. embassy in khartoum to prove martin is his son.
1222	voted off by the judges despite ending up third in the leaderboard with debut performance, with tv presenter chegwin at the bottom.
1223	world leaders said it was up to putin to 'change course'
leaders of the countries.
agreed to meet again without russia.
david cameron made it 'clear' this summer's g8 summit was cancelled.
1224	four rhinos poisoned and dehorned in in eastern cape, south africa.
four rhinos shot and dehorned in assam, northeastern india.
two rhinos in the indian attack dead.
1225	frances and andrew johnson, both in the marines, are being deployed to afghanistan shortly after the new year.
they have already left toddler son noah behind and will not be able to spend christmas with him.
noah is being watched by ms johnson's parents while they are abroad.
1226	judge rules that detroit-area man will stand trial on a charge of second-degree murder.
theodore paul wafer shot and killed renisha mcbride on his dearborn heights porch.
renisha mcbride's family pushed for an arrest.
wafer's attorney says his client acted in self-defense.
1227	the arab league halted its observer mission to syria because it has become too dangerous.
1228	ministers say they are concerned e-cigarettes normalise smoking.
call for them to be banned in enclosed public spaces like pubs and bars.
the battery-powered replicas are not covered by the smoking ban.
experts say they are encouraging a new generation of smokers.
wales leads the way after being first to introduce the smoking ban in 2007.
1229	telecoms watchdog ofcom claims we are running out of landline numbers.
change will hit businesses as they need to show full area code on signs.
the move is designed to create nearly one million new telephone numbers.
1230	priests are being threatened, extorted and abused by drug traffickers, monsignor says.
some priests have even been killed, said monsignor victor rene rodriguez.
in ciudad juarez, more than 100 priests have reported threats and extortion.
evangelical churches also are being targeted.
1231	bradford west mp  interviewed under caution by police over remarks.
earlier this month he claimed israelis were no longer welcome in city.
in response, the israel ambassador visited the city on monday.
mr galloway says: 'i won't be silenced, i will keep speaking out'
1232	barcelona has been banned from signing players for the next two transfer windows.
fifa has punished barca for breaking rules relating to the "international transfer of minors"
barca had been found to have broken the rules with regards to 10 young players.
football's global governing body has also fined the spanish football federation.
1233	christian eriksen scored an 89-minute winner against swansea city.
tottenham hotspur have made a habit of scoring late goals recently.
eriksen believes their improved fitness levels have improved them.
midfielder says fitness is the reason they have scored late goals.
1234	new: six arrested in evening protests.
tens of thousands of students protest in montreal.
the students in quebec province are unhappy about planned tuition hikes.
tuesday's protests follow weekend clashes in which 300 were arrested.
1235	tattooed model first became internet star by jiggling her breasts to mozart.
she filmed clip of performance to jingle bells just in time for christmas.
sara x now returns with video of her boob twerking along to für elise.
1236	the last time robbie keane started on the bench was in june 2001.
ireland captain was used as a late substitute in 1-0 defeat to scotland.
manager martin o'neill preferred shane long to la galaxy striker.
1237	four-year-old pit bull, mickey, taken in by sheriff joe arpaio.
dog was set to be put to death after mauling a four-year-old boy.
arpaio, 81, says he'll be sheriff long enough to care for mickey.
1238	mother-of-two claire craig, 36, from surbiton had tumour on her brain.
discovered benign hemangioblastoma after mri for suspicious headache.
since 1970, brain cancer has risen by 23 - 25 per cent in the uk.
1239	obama and bush agreed to meet as they were both in tanzania by chance.
they honoured victims of us embassy 1998 bombing in dar es salaam.
as they paid respects at memorial, wives met at summit on african women.
michelle says she wanted to meet laura bush because 'i like this woman'
later obama shows off football skills, playing keepy-uppy in factory visit.
1240	new: officials: lab tests of sample products from the plant were taken.
plainview peanut co. in texas has suspended operations, the company says.
the texas company is a subsidiary of the peanut corp. of america.
peanut corp. under investigation for shipping tainted products that sickened 600.
1241	lobbyists have contacted lawmakers in illinois, missouri and delaware over proposed bans that would stop drivers from wearing google glass.
similar proposals have been discussed in new york, maryland, west virginia, new jersey and wyoming.
lawmakers fear the small computer screens attached to glasses will prove to be a dangerous- and perhaps fatal- distraction for drivers.
the new technology is not yet available for public purchase but is set to be more widely available soon.
1242	michael hayden: many have misconstrued nsa access to phone calls.
he says agency has information on calls but not content of the calls.
hayden says agency needs metadata on calls to track terrorists.
he says nsa was criticized in wake of 9/11 for not detecting the plot.
1243	sens. john mccain, lindsey graham, and kelly ayotte and rep. peter king claim boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev should be considered 'enemy combatant'
tsarnaev, 19, a naturalized u.s. citizen, not read miranda rights initially because of public safety exemption, which expires 48 hours after arrest.
outcry from aclu, which says suspect is owed his right to be mirandized.
1244	greenwich council decided not to name memorial after murdered fusilier.
site will be dedicated to 'all servicemen and women in woolwich' instead.
move comes amid fears a lee rigby memorial will offend islamist extremists.
1245	chris hemsworth is people magazine's sexiest man alive for 2014.
the marvel star has become a box office hit as thor.
he's also a father and older brother to "hunger games" star liam hemsworth.
1246	u.n. leader says the ebola outbreak could be over by the middle of 2015.
who chief heading to mali, where there have been new ebola transmissions.
there have been no ebola cases in the democratic republic of congo in 42 days.
other nations like liberia, sierra leone and guinea are still trying to contain the virus.
1247	thierry henry announced his retirement from playing football in december.
the former arsenal striker is joining sky sports as a football pundit.
henry will play a short cameo in the entourage movie released next year.
former france international also wants to earn his coaching badges.
1248	original routemasters dating back to 1954 shipped in from as far as germany for the historic parade in london.
130 buses drove around finsbury park in convoy to celebrate 60 years since the iconic design was created.
crowds also watched vintage film reels, shopped at memorabilia stalls, and ate old fashioned food at the fare.
1249	group captain cate mcgregor was targeted by offensive tweets as she appeared on the popular abc tv program.
anti-transgender posts outraged viewers and sent social media into a spin.
abc has defended the on-screen tweets as appropriate, saying they 'are chosen to reflect the diverse range of opinions'
there will not be an apology nor any sanctions against the moderator.
1250	the search for the mh370 has been suspended due to severe conditions.
tropical cyclones lashed the area where the plane is believed to be resting.
about 35 per cent of the search area has been scoured so far.
malaysia has announced the disappearance was an 'accident'
1251	thirty congolese women raped on angola-congo border by uniformed men, u.n. officials say.
women were part of group of 150 people who had been expelled from angola, u.n. says.
united nations says women reported being held for nearly two weeks and raped.
1252	prince said people should not take the benefits of countryside for granted.
said landscapes and local food could be lost if people don't care for land.
says many britons have 'lost a real connection with the countryside'
made the remarks in a foreword for country life magazine to mark his 66th birthday.
1253	french police reinforcements being posted to guadeloupe.
island wracked by a month of sometimes violent protests over living conditions.
protest leader denies encouraging violence.
guadeloupe is french overseas territory.
1254	meskerem legesse, 26, was eight months pregnant when she collapsed at a connecticut restaurant.
the long-distance runner was rushed to hospital where doctors were able to save her baby.
she had previously been diagnosed with heart problems.
1255	president barack obama commented on the tensions in ferguson before pushing for immigration reform.
he said if republican lawmakers don't like his executive action that would slow deportations, they should "pass a bill"
obama's speech was interrupted by hecklers derided the president as "deporter-in-chief"
1256	a french open win would give federer 14 grand slams.
that would tie his career wins to american pete sampras.
federer has a 9-0 record over the swede going into the final.
soderling topples favorite rafael nadal in a fourth-round stunner.
1257	new european commission rules ban cleaners with more than 1,600 watts.
average power of vacuum cleaner on sale in europe is 1,800 watts.
five of seven which? 'best buy' vacuum cleaners banned from september.
critics claim new rule means households will have to use cleaners for longer.
1258	stephen avery could have lived if put him on antibiotics 48 hours sooner.
consultants missed chances to diagnose him and save his life, it was said.
popular father suffered a cardiac arrest and died on may 15, inquest heard.
1259	arihano haiti also sexually assaulted stefan ramin's girlfriend.
the pair were visiting huku niva, french polynesia, while island hopping.
mr ramin employed haiti as a guide and never returned from their trip.
haiti claimed he shot mr ramin in revenge for the german raping him.
but investigators found no evidence that the hunter was a sex attack victim.
1260	csatary was accused of sending 15,000 jews to the auschwitz concentration camp.
he was arrested last year after a jewish rights group discovered him living in hungary.
csatary had denied allegations against him to a british tabloid.
lawyer: "with the death of csatary there are no further proceedings in this case"
1261	1841 thank you note from amistad rebellion slaves to former president john quincy adams released.
they were charged with murder and piracy, but adams successfully defended them in court and secured their release.
the slaves rebelled against their captors on the ship la amistad in 1839, off the coast of cuba.
the ship ran aground in long island several months later and the men on board taken into custody.
spain wanted them back in shackles, but they were eventually set free and allowed to sail home to sierra leone.
one african describes john quincy adams as a 'great man' in the letter.
1262	russell crowe and henry cavill's paths first crossed when crowe was filming scenes for proof of life at cavill's boarding school.
cavill, who had been in school productions, sought acting advice and questioned crowe. crowe remembered the schoolboy and sent him a parcel, which included signed photograph.
years later their paths crossed again in a gym, and then eventually as co-stars in the latest superman film.
1263	david frum: after the terror attacks of 9/11, people said they "changed everything"
he says today's frozen politics means that the boston bombings won't change things.
he says even the newtown killings didn't shift politics enough to widen gun control.
frum: advocates of fiscal austerity aren't admitting their policies are faulty.
1264	christian todd slaton, 19, is accused of killing four cats and leaving their carcasses on the university of montevallo campus.
one was 'hung up for display' on a flag pole in the middle of campus and another left near the university president's residence.
he faces four charges of first-degree cruelty to animals.
1265	nigel farage has dismissed claims ukip backs repatriation of eu migrants.
intervention follows a storm of protest after mark reckless made comment.
mr reckless was accused of advocating the repatriation of existing migrants but backtracked and claimed he meant tougher immigration.
mr reckless, who defected from the tories, is set to win rochester seat.
1266	southampton beat 10-man swansea 1-0 to go second in the premier league.
but schneiderlin wary after similarly good start last season.
swansea boss garry monk hits out at referee jonathan moss after wilfried bony red card.
1267	gary ballance has fractured his right little finger in fielding practice.
england batsman will remain with the side for ongoing tri-series.
and no batting cover has been added for the upcoming icc world cup.
ballance has not yet featured in england's warm-up matches.
1268	spot on antarctic mountain ridge sees temperatures of below -91c.
conditions could freeze a human's eyes, nose and lungs within minutes.
1269	there were 939 hate groups in 2013, southern poverty law center says.
that represents a 7% decline from 2012.
trend among ku klux klan is leaving the internet.
1270	new: the death toll now stands at 3, police say.
new: a manhunt is under way for the suspect.
witnesses say shooting lasted "no more than two minutes," sheriff's official says.
the shooting took place at the permanente quarry, officials say.
1271	wayne rooney has been named as part of england squad for the world cup.
roy hodgson announced his 23-man squad for brazil 2014 on monday.
rooney has gone on a one-week break to recharge ahead of the tournament.
manchester united star has not played since april 26 due to groin strain.
rooney is under pressure to perform for england after series of poor displays in major tournaments since euro 2004.
1272	former nfl football star deion sander's $15,000 dog was mysteriously returned to him after nine months.
the german shepard was so expensive because he is a pure bred highly trained attack dog.
the football player took to twitter to express his joy over the dog's return.
1273	syrian expatriates across the world are uniting against the regime of bashar al-assad.
their mission is cutting across ethnic and religious lines.
many syrians are raising money in the u.s. and speaking about the crisis.
1274	femail was a guest at one of the most extraordinary weddings ever seen.
we watched as two british grooms tied the knot at a musical ceremony.
the event was filmed for channel 4 and is almost entirely sung.
it's hosted by stephen fry and features numerous celebrity cameos.
exclusive video clips from the musical below.
1275	deric lostutter said he was responsible for publicizing social media screenshots and video mocking the steubenville rape victim.
f.b.i. executed a search warrant on lostutter's kentucky house for his role in the hacking of rollredroll.com, a fan site for the town football team.
another hacker, batcat, already claimed he hacked the site.
1276	mohammed liaqat ali, 37, throttled lilima akter munny, 27, at their rented home on june 13 last year over a land dispute.
pair's relationship quickly broke down when ali became involved in a dispute over land in bangladesh with his wife's mother.
after the murder, the court heard how ali pretended to look for his wife when she didn't collect the children.
ali handed a life sentence and ordered to serve minimum of 15 years.
1277	a jury found  26-year-old lindsey lowe guilty of murder for the 2011 smothering deaths of her newborn twins today.
lowe didn’t break down as the sentence was pronounced and she was taken away to begin two life terms.
the defendant turned to distraught family members in the courtroom after the.
verdict was announced.
she told them, 'i’m ok. i love you all. he’s with.
me,' as she pointed toward the sky.
1278	tabloid has published photos of amy winehouse with another man in the caribbean.
lawyer asked "to commence divorce proceedings on the grounds of amy's adultery"
"i'm in love again, and i don't need drugs," tabloid quotes winehouse as saying.
singer's husband is currently jailed in england after a failed drug test in december.
1279	cliff henry proposed to fiona hehir at the top of killiney hill near dublin.
cliff arranged dublin-based band keywest to perform her favourite song.
she was so surprised cliff had to ask twice before she managed to say yes.
couple unexpectedly bumped into bono and his wife ali, who were also visiting killiney hill that day.
1280	world leaders meeting in seoul to discuss security measures against nuclear terrorism.
richard chasdi: one major source of risk is the use of proxy groups by nations.
he says nuclear-armed pakistan is one of the countries where proxy groups have been used.
chasdi: in a nuclear age, empowering proxy groups could lead to disaster.
1281	students from oologah-talala public school district in rural oklahoma.
authorities are investigating four other possible cases of bacterial meningitis.
medical team may screen students, begin vaccinations, school superintendent says.
1282	mario balotelli has scored just one goal for liverpool since joining.
the italian's form and attitude has led to criticism from fans.
liverpool striker played poorly against real madrid on wednesday night.
spanish newspaper as gave balotelli a rating of zero.
balotelli has been criticised for swapping shirts with pepe at half-time.
brendan rodgers also expressed his disappointment at the incident.
ian rush says balotelli still has a future at the club.
1283	ranjit singh found among rubbish when it was lifted onto a conveyor belt.
night supervisor mark bradshaw heard a 'thud' before discovering the body.
mr singh was known in the community to often sleep in bins behind shops.
1284	new: yemeni president to make a public appearance by tuesday, adviser says.
interior ministry official: 63 members of al qaeda escaped last week, according to saba.
state media: a prison warden and guards are suspended and being questioned.
an opposition bloc spokesman says he thinks ruling family loyalists are responsible.
1285	new: obama claims indiana, 349-163 electoral vote advantage.
barack obama scores wins with women, african-americans, young voters.
obama to voters: "change has come to america"
obama will be working with heavily democratic congress.
1286	take a helicopter to stay at a former coast guard light station.
paddle your canoe several miles to a tree house along a black water river.
book a safari-style modified tent in the middle of texas hill country.
1287	new national register will log every breast implant operation in england.
end to special offers, deals and glossy advertising for procedures.
almost 50,000 women in uk and 400,000 worldwide affected by pip scandal.
1288	pep guardiola has been linked with a move back to barcelona.
reports had suggested joan laporta would entice guardiola back to the club if he was re-elected as president.
however bayern munich boss guardiola has said it is merely speculation.
barcelona take on la liga rivals atletico madrid on sunday night.
1289	m&s hopes to tap into growing desire for naturally reared, traditional food.
store is offering £10 oven-ready dish as part of new range of british game.
rabbit, wood pigeon, venison, pheasant and partridge will also be available.
1290	cabau the latest celebrity to take part in ice bucket challenge.
tv presenter challenges her husband's former international boss van gaal.
cabau also challenges socialite paris hilton.
1291	little liam diagnosed with faulty valve which made his heart swell.
his parents were told he would die without an operation but could also die during surgery.
surgery to replace the faulty valve with a pig's valve was a success.
1292	hundreds of protesters blocked intersections, burned american flags, banged drums and taunted police as they demonstrated in the streets of south st louis, missouri on thursday night.
police dressed in riot gear used pepper spray to control the crowd.
the protests came a night after vonderrit myers jr. was gunned down by an off-duty officer in shaw; the unidentified cop followed the 'suspicious-looking' teen after deeming he had a gun and insists the teenager shot at him first.
this week's demonstrations are just the latest in the area since another teenager, michael brown, was shot dead by a police officer in broad daylight on august 9; it emerged that brown was unarmed.
state and city leaders have urged the justice department to investigate myers' death, fearing he was targeted because he was black.
1293	artist took to the stage during the ceremony to perform his track happy.
while wearing a bellhop costume - he made the gesture during a pause.
was barely noticeable to the viewers on cbs for music's biggest awards.
'hands up' gesture began during protests into death of michael brown.
prince also said during a speech: 'like black lives, albums still matter'
1294	royal prince alfred hospital admits that a faulty fridge affected the temperature of a vaccine between august 2013 and this month.
570 new mothers are being called as a 'precautionary measure'
the fault affected women receiving the 'boostrix' vaccine in a maternity ward, '8 east ward'
there is no risk associated but the vaccines may not provide adequate protection against the illness.
a hotline and free clinic are set up to provide free re-vaccinations.
an investigation will look into why the differing temperatures were logged but not flagged or reported as a potential issue.
1295	pro- and anti-russian groups hold rival rallies in crimea.
putin speaks with british pm, german chancellor about the situation there.
cnn analyst: putin is "very worried by the situation"
the ukrainian prime minister is expected to arrive in the united states on wednesday.
1296	bbc's paul hudson said nearly every annual global forecast was wrong.
wrote in his blog that all the incorrect predictions were 'on the warm side'
the look north weatherman said the met office blame lack of arctic data.
met office spokesman agreed they had 'incomplete global coverage'
richard lindzen told mps that climate change 'might not be problem'
1297	alexis sanchez put arsenal ahead after 20 minutes.
leonardo ulloa equalizes two minutes later.
ulloa and jamie vardy miss excellent chances to win it for leicester.
aaron ramsey and yaya sanogo miss arsenal's best opportunities.
1298	carl pistorius is charged with culpable homicide or negligent killing.
accompanied by his sister, aimee, but blade runner was not present.
magistrate rejects media request to show proceedings live on tv.
wants to guard against 'emotional hype' seen during his brother's case.
carl was driving suv in 2008 when he collided with female motorcyclist.
he deeply regrets the incident, but insisted it was a 'tragic accident'
1299	6,000 police officers and military troops deployed in dublin.
anti-aircraft guns, military planes at the ready.
record security operation expected to cost 30 million euros.
1300	breast implants made by french company pip found to contain industrial-grade silicone.
some 300,000 women in 65 countries received implants made by the company.
health authorities in france have offered to pay for women to have them removed, replaced.
pip founder jean-claude mas charged with involuntary injury.
1301	lutfur rahman allegedly used illegal tactics to win may mayoral election.
islamic voters were 'told they should be good muslims and support him'
supporters accused of branding his main rival racist and anti-islamic.
four voters have submitted damaging dossier of evidence to high court.
1302	malcolm gladwell's new book, "outliers," studies reasons for success.
successful people aren't just smart; they've had timing, contacts in their favor.
book also touches on role of culture in creating (or blocking) success.
1303	baboons hogged the seating areas as weary tourists looked for somewhere to sit at victoria falls, zambia.
1304	at the fda, sarah sellers fought for compounding pharmacy guidelines.
years later, there are still no sterility guidelines in place.
over the years, people have died, been blinded and become ill.
a compounding pharmacists' group says it's fighting for sterility standards.
1305	the prince, 90, has a bladder infection and will be in hospital 'for a few days'
he is 'disappointed he missed last night's concert and today's engagements'
prince philip also suffered from a bladder infection in february 2002.
1306	15-year-old aria's hometown in iraq was attacked by isis.
aria was captured and held with other girls.
aria managed to escape, but learns her brother was killed by isis.
sexual violence remains a tool of war for isis, but a taboo.
1307	thomson scene offers trendy hotels instead of regular all-inclusive styles.
they aim to appeal to young, adventurous travellers just out of university.
new destinations include santorini and mykonos in greece, and  croatia.
long-haul destinations include goa in india, thailand and cancun in mexico.
1308	orcas had been confined to a space of about 30 feet by 30 feet.
an inukjuak town manager says shifting wind patterns overnight allowed the ice to break.
the incident is reminiscent of a 1988 rescue of 3 gray whales that were trapped near alaska.
the story made national news and was the inspiration for the 2012 film "big miracle"
1309	the 53-year-old was filmed hitting billionaire sergei polonsky in 2011.
he will work 150 hours altogether in shifts of two to four hours a day.
1310	israeli president shimon peres says this is an "opportunity to make peace"
peres meets with u.s. envoy george mitchell, who urges resumption of peace talks.
israeli prime minister to give major speech sunday on his plan for peace, security.
new: mitchell will travel to syria this weekend, state department announces.
1311	johann breyer was a guard at auschwitz, where more than 1 million people were killed.
he denies persecuting anyone, saying he was only a perimeter guard.
breyer, in the u.s. for 60 years, won a legal battle to keep u.s. citizenship in 2003.
his case is similar to that of john demjanjuk, who died this year.
1312	chinese director chen kaige found international fame with 'farewell my concubine'
made a brief foray into filmmaking in hollywood before returning to china.
personal experience during cultural revolution had large impact.
1313	thelma madine ordered to pay former head designer leanne phillips £1,200.
miss phillips, 31, will also be awarded compensation for unfair dismissal.
designer was paid £400 a week to work at ms madine's wedding boutique.
ms madine rose to fame designing frocks for channel four show.
1314	bernard hopkins was beaten by sergey kovalev in their unification bout.
the 39-year-old wants 'one more' fight  before considering retirement.
hopkins had never been knocked out before being floored by the russian.
1315	japan airlines submits its bankruptcy plan.
the airline will cut roughly 16,00 jobs, or one-third of its workforce.
the airline collapsed under a mountain of debt.
it is one of japan's largest-ever corporate failures.
1316	air force staff sgt. david booher shot with 5 others in ciudad juarez.
gunmen appeared to have targeted the victims, mexican spokesman says.
juarez is considered off-limits for the u.s. military because of drug violence.
1317	up to 80 backbenchers expected to sign letter to the prime minister.
want right to throw out existing laws from brussels and block new ones.
mps say move would allow britain to 'recover control over our borders'
1318	steve carter, 35, was adopted at age 4 from an orphanage in honolulu.
it was only years later that the philadelphia resident grew more curious about his own roots.
on a whim, he clicked on missingkids.com.
there, he found an age-progression image made from a photograph of him as an infant.
1319	at least 120 believed dead and 270 injured after attack in the city of kano.
hundreds had gathered at grand mosque to hear sermon from chief imam.
first bomb went off after man in car was stopped trying to enter building.
analysts say attack bore hallmarks of islamist militant group boko haram.
local emir last week called for people to arm themselves against radicals.
1320	caroline reinsch was just two weeks pregnant when the bombs exploded.
both she and her boyfriend suffered serious leg injuries.
1321	ryszard karpuc tried to climb down a ladder but fell and punctured his lung.
inquest heard his colleagues panicked and drove karpuc's body to forest.
corpse found four days later by lord burnham in buckinghamshire.
coroner told workmen had been drinking vodka before to keep warm.
1322	house will vote thursday on extending cuts for those making $250,000 or less.
republicans promise to block legislative progress until tax, spending issues resolved.
the bush-era tax cuts are scheduled to expire december 31.
democrats are trying to pass a range of priorities in the lame duck session.
1323	lt. jack mccain married renee swift at lavish ceremony in san francisco.
romney was pictured at rehearsal dinner with mccain's daughter meghan.
he wore a gaudy hawaiian shirt with americana pattern and beaded necklace.
sen. mccain and daughter meghan tweeted throughout weekend's events.
1324	clubs who failed to qualify for europe last season, including liverpool and monaco, did not need to submit their accounts to uefa for scrutiny.
champions league sides will demand this is changed next week.
uefa holding a meeting in nyon, switzerland, where it will be discussed.
meeting will decide if large debts should be included in financial fair play.
1325	lighter winds meant the balloons could fly for the macy's parade.
roads in parts of the northeast are still slick.
trains and planes stay on track.
black friday becomes black thursday.
1326	mother, 22, had set up a fundraising page on facebook for her daughter, 4.
charged with feeding daughter anti-cancer drugs for months.
four-year-old is now fighting a lung infection in hospital in brisbane.
facebook page had 7,000 supporters and some had sent money to help.
1327	administration officials say they expect the mandate to be upheld.
cnn's legal analyst says the individual mandate appears to be in "grave danger"
kennedy: it could "change the relationship between the government and the individual"
supporters of the health law say the federal government had to get involved.
1328	a woman was found in dead in a car at a sydney shopping centre carpark.
leila alavi was working when she reportedly received a phone call and left.
when she failed to return, a colleague went to check up on her.
she found the 26-year-old stabbed to death on saturday morning.
court papers allege she was killed with a pair of scissors.
her  husband, 33, has been charged with murder and refused bail.
1329	manchester united have yet to score later than the 62-minute mark under louis van gaal this season.
radamel falcao's winner against everton on sunday was their latest goal.
united were specialists in late winners under sir alex ferguson.
during fergie's last 10 seasons in charge, nearly 40 per cent of goals were scored after 63 minutes.
1330	president barack obama spent spent $2,952,278 in flight costs on trips to palm springs, california, and key largo, florida, earlier this year.
the president went on the trips under the guise of official business.
but the president's schedule and news reports from the trips show that he spent significatly more time playing golf than he did on presidential duties.
1331	new: opposition official says another confrontation is expected in zabadani.
the opposition says syrian troops were driven from zabadani.
residents aided defecting soldiers in the fight, an activist says.
arab league monitors visited zabadani on sunday.
1332	personal letters from former first lady jacqueline kennedy withdrawn from auction.
report: the letters were to be sold by an irish catholic college.
report: the college is working with the kennedy family to determine the letters' fate.
kennedy wrote of love and concerns about her husband, president john f. kennedy.
1333	two scotland yard officers had travelled to australia in march.
they first questioned lauren martell, who lives north of sydney.
they then  travelled to.
wollongong to interview a second woman.
harris has been interviewed twice in britain but no charges have been laid.
quizzed as part of operation yewtree sparked by jimmy savile sex abuse.
friend steve lima says star has 'absolutely no interest in children'
1334	uk, u.s. have denounced boko haram's abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls in nigeria.
richard dowden says their reaction has given the militant group the publicity it craves.
nigeria's government has long ignored the area where boko haram is based, he says.
he says necessary development there is a bigger task than any military intervention.
1335	the iconic photo of firefighters raising the u.s. flag at ground zero was initially considered too kitsch for 9/11 memorial museum.
creative director michael shulan didn't want to reduce 9/11 to something 'simple'
the museum now has three photos of the flag-raising scene.
1336	shreddies are a flatulence-filtering underwear made in the uk.
designer used zorflex, activated carbon cloth traditionally used in chemical warfare suits.
bellini: they work.
1337	£10million open-air pool will be built in middle of thames in central london.
water from the river will be pumped into the 82ft by 32ft main lap pool.
4ft-high glass balustrade will protect swimmers from river traffic waves.
1338	afghan forces investigating death of woman caught in crossfire of gunbattle.
nato says 12 militants also died in the battle in logar province.
nato said initial indications are the woman was killed by militants.
1339	group of around six men snatch 29-year-old chinese woman from bathroom.
a 40-year-old hotel worker was also abducted in the ambush, police say.
tourists say they heard the women calling out for help.
armed men are believed to be rebels from the philippines.
malaysian security services are patrolling the waters between the countries.
insurgents in the nearby islands of the.
southern philippines have carried out similar kidnappings for ransom.
against tourists in the region before.
intelligence official said the attackers were believed to be from abu sayaff.
militant muslim group claims an.
allegiance to al-qaida.
1340	133 same-sex couples are married sunday at seattle city hall.
washington began issuing same-sex marriage licenses thursday.
voters in maryland and maine also approved same-sex marriages last month.
1341	‘multiple sources’ claim snapchat demands $750,000 (£493,000) per ad.
this is despite the fact ads self-destruct like messages at the end of a day.
the figures were reported in adweek earlier this week.
to put this into perspective, an advert during american idol costs approximately $475,000 (£313,185)
instagram charges $350,000 (£230,830) up to $1 million (£659,000) a month.
advertisers have typically struggled to be accessible to teens.
snapchat ads appeared in october, and only show in recent updates.
1342	sgt. dakota meyer missed deadline to apply to fire department.
a federal judge offered to reopen the window but only for him.
meyer says he wants no special treatment.
1343	ray lambert accidentally broke panel trying to retrieve a £1 cup of coffee.
reportedly sacked on spot at matalan distribution warehouse in knowsley.
said to be 'fuming' after the dismissal and considering launching an appeal.
matalan has said there was 'substantial damage to company property'
he and wife maureen due to fly out to watch son rickie in action in brazil.
1344	serie a leaders ac milan shocked in san siro as fiorentina win 2-1.
juventus beat palermo 2-0 to go top of the table.
fourth-placed udinese beat parma 3-1: inter milan draw 2-3 against cagliari.
1345	the families of daniel abreu and safiro furtado, who were found shot to death in boston two years ago filed the complaints wednesday.
each seeks $6 million from the former new england patriots player.
the men were sitting in an suv in the city's south end in july 2012 when another suv pulled up and someone inside opened fire.
nobody has been criminally charged with their deaths but hernandez has been identified by police as a suspect.
1346	wentworth woodhouse near rotherham needs restoration.
the stately home was damaged by extensive mining in the area.
prince has shown interest in future of the property after private visit.
1347	both mothers went to same clinic to ensure they did not pass on life-limiting illnesses.
but a mix-up happened at lab used by care fertility nottingham ivf clinic.
one had wanted to screen out serious blood disorder, sickle cell anaemia.
other patient wanted to stop her child from developing neurofibromatosis.
but both women became pregnant and gave birth to babies who had these illnesses.
the fertility watchdog has damned the incidents as ‘grade a’ errors.
1348	swedish artist used ashes from majdanek concentration camp for painting.
the exhibition also includes a photograph taken at the location.
of the ruins of hermann göring’s hunting cabin.
he has now been reported to the police for desecrating remains and breaking burial law.
1349	felicia smith, 42, allegedly gave a 15-year-old student a lap dance for his birthday during class.
the boy told police smith touched his body with her hands and buttocks during the four-minute dance.
the incident was reportedly captured on camera.
smith admitted performing the dance to police, saying the students convinced her to do it.
she has been charged with having an inappropriate relationship with a student and bail has been set at $30,000.
1350	caroline welker, 21, was hit by a police car as she crossed the road.
delaware policeman failed to yield on his way to a disturbance call.
officer had received a caution over another crash just two days earlier.
1351	carol coronado, 30, was arrested on suspicion of murder may 20 at her home in torrance, california.
her mother found the three girls dead in a bed at the home with their naked mother beside them clutching a knife.
husband rudy coronado said thursday there had been warning signs, but he did not know anything about postpartum depression.
mr coronado called his wife 'a great woman' and said she did not deserve to be behind bars.
mrs coronado allegedly tried to cut her own wrists and was taken to hospital before being booked into jail.
1352	mitchell johnson inspires australia to innings victory over sri lanka in melbourne.
injury-hit tourists crash to series defeat ahead of third and final match in sydney.
johnson named man of the match after taking six wickets and hitting 92 not out.
india levels twenty20 series against pakistan with 11-run win in second match at ahmedabad.
1353	american basketball player demarcus cousins hit back at a reporter who asked him if he could correctly locate slovenia.
'no. do you know where alabama is?' cousins asked.
cousins hails from alabama, and it is not clear how the reporter responded.
several fans have commended cousins for his reply on twitter, calling it 'well done' and 'classic'
cousins, along with the u.s. basketball team, is set to play against slovenia in the quarterfinals tuesday for the basketball world cup in spain.
he has scored in double figures in each of the last three world cup games, and shot 5 for 5 in two of them, including saturday's 86-63 victory over mexico.
1354	a teenager drove drunk and killed four people, injured two.
settlement involves sergio molina, one of those injured.
it includes a cash sum plus periodic payments.
1355	cheryl fernandez-versini seems to burst into tears during every episode.
she cries when contestants are good and bad, anything can set her off.
in the  first episode cheryl wept as she  hugged a hopeful she met years ago.
more tears are expected  at the judges’ houses stage this weekend.
1356	firefighters were participating in group als ice bucket challenge.
one firefighter remains in critical condition.
electricity arc shocked firefighters in extension ladder.
ice bucket challenge organized by campbellsville university band.
1357	savings.com looked at more than 1.5 million deals over the past five years.
the website discovered the best day to buy electronics was actually november 1st.
meanwhile november 26th is the best day for toy shopping, december 1st is best for apparel, and december 15th is best for small gifts.
1358	spc ivan lopez killed four people and injured 16 in shooting last april.
army report found supervisors could not have detected personal problems.
lopez was undergoing treatment for depression and ptsd and was fighting for paid leave but was not considered 'likely' to commit violence.
1359	british vineyards have enjoyed a bumper harvest after one of the hottest summers on record.
winemakers say the long hot summer produced near-perfect grape growing conditions.
temperatures are expected to remain above average for much of the week, forecasters have predicted.
1360	arsenal face galatasaray in champions league clash on wednesday.
tugay kerimoglu has played for and twice coached the turkish club.
the 44-year-old also experienced the premier league with blackburn.
tugay claims galatasaray vs fenerbahce is one of football's fiercest games.
former midfielder has warned that turkish fans' passion can be scary.
1361	alister mackenzie, a physician turned golf architect, designed famed augusta national course.
the scot was enlisted to help by bobby jones, a multiple golf champion of the 1920s.
mackenzie never received full payment for his work and died before first masters was held.
many of his design principles still permeate the course despite many changes over the years.
1362	heidi lynne fleiss, the former "hollywood madam," backs sen. hillary clinton.
fleiss convicted of charges related to an alleged prostitution ring in 1995.
fleiss on clinton: "if you're a woman and you're smart, you have to respect her."
1363	about 40 people gathered for the funeral of thomas eric duncan, 43, in salisbury, north carolina, on saturday.
duncan is suspected of contracting ebola while helping a pregnant woman during a recent trip to liberia.
'eric would have been out there and helped that woman,' a friend said.
duncan died in dallas on october 8.
his mother garteh korkoryah was overcome during the ceremony.
1364	master copycat matthew scheidt, 21, said on 20/20 in an episode to air tonight that he began inventing stories at a young age.
scheidt began inventing stories after his mother was arrested in 2002 for possession of crystal meth.
the case has been compared to the leonardo dicaprio film catch me if you can, were a conman evaded justice by posing under a number of aliases.
scheidt was convicted of impersonating a physician's assistant when he was just 18-years-old and performed medical prodecures.
when he was on bail he impersonated a florida police officer.
1365	new: search and rescue recovered the body of one of the divers tuesday evening.
five rescued japanese divers are being treated at hospitals in bali, rescue agency says.
seven women were reported missing after they dived into waters off bali on friday.
fishermen found some of the women monday and altered authorities, rescue agency says.
1366	newcastle drew 3-3 with burnley on new year's day.
steven taylor come off injured with suspected ankle ligament rupture.
caretaker manager john carver fears taylor could be out for the season.
1367	soccer referee ricardo portillo died after being assaulted on the field.
julie christie's father refereed and coached her as a young fiery athlete.
christie recognizes her own perfectionism and temper in her daughter.
a sports psychologist says parents must mirror good behaviors for children.
1368	emotional intelligence (ei) training is being picked up by mainstream corporations.
ei training can help employees understand their own limitations and to boost their self-worth.
john mayer: ei is key to relationships and provides an adaptive advantage and smooth social abilities.
1369	the actress has been awarded mbe for for services to entertainment.
gavin & stacey was a huge critical and commercial hit.
it made jones, who co-wrote it and played the larger-than-life nessa, a star.
she's currently filming the latest series of the sky comedy stella.
1370	michael boyce 'shot his wife in the head at their home and told authorities she'd done it to herself'
he later changed his story to say he shot her accidentally.
alexis boyce, 23, was 8 months pregnant - one of her sons was pronounced dead but the other is fighting for his life in intensive care.
1371	wife creates web site to draw attention to "great candidate"
myhusbandneedsajob.com has elicited e-mails from potential employers.
job seekers must be creative to stand out, indeed.com ceo says.
1372	yu peng xiong, 24, a taiwan native, and.
connor benjamin thredgold, 19, of springville, utah were discovered dead.
in their apartment.
prosecutors found a faulty indoor water heater which caused a carbon monoxide leakage.
family of benjamin thredgold said that their son was 'happy'
1373	soldier went into shop for cigarettes during recruitment day in st helens.
but he and colleague were left angry after shop assistant refused sale.
the worker claimed it was against the law to serve uniformed soldiers.
shop has now apologised for the incident, which it insists was a mistake.
army brand episode 'disappointing' but say most soldiers get public support.
1374	kelly furlonger, 31, tracked food intake and became addicted to exercise.
abused alcohol as teen and found peace of mind through working out.
parents' divorce caused crisis and she lost four stone in five months.
told she might not see wedding day as heart wasn’t functioning properly.
credits partner rhi and arrival of their daughter with helping her get better.
now weighs around 9st and is hoping her story can help others.
1375	uk airport operator baa told to sell 3 of its 7 airports, including two in london.
britain's competition watchdog said sale of airports will encourage competition.
baa must sell airports in sequence, beginning with gatwick then stansted.
1376	myla dalbesio is 5ft 11in and a us size 10, which is a uk size 14.
said she's 'definitely bigger than any girl calvin klein has ever worked with'
the 27-year-old from wisconsin describes her body type as 'in the middle'
twitter users have expressed outrage she could be considered a 'bigger' girl.
1377	stan garnett says he'll take fresh look at jonbenet ramsey case.
garnett says he hopes to decide who should follow up on tips.
case was taken from boulder police in 2002.
last year, prosecutors exonerated jonbenet's mother, father and brother.
1378	david ward, mp for bradford east, claimed he would copy hamas terrorists.
lib dem politician said he would fire rockets into civilian areas of israel.
comments branded 'appalling', 'vile' and 'unforgivable' by fellow mps.
party leader nick clegg has ordered an investigation into the tweets.
1379	lewis awarded an honorary university degree.
grew up in wolverhampton and given the freedom of the city after winning olympic gold 14 years ago.
she said: 'i can't put it into words but it's a proud moment.
won six other major championship medals.
1380	brittney kustes was last seen july 17.
she was driven to a drop-off point friday night.
her mother says her daughter was "mentally tortured" during her disappearance.
police are searching for a registered sex offender believed to have been with her.
1381	president obama tells crowd at white house to give him time to reverse laws.
obama likens struggle for gay rights with struggle of blacks for civil rights.
"i know this is painful, and i know it can be heartbreaking," he says of rights denial.
1382	lawrence gaskell has pleaded not guilty to murdering his wife katarina gaskell.
he alleged she charged at him with several knives on that tragic day at the family home in brisbane's north.
the case continues.
1383	new: they were kidnapped for having supported a polio vaccination campaign, official says.
the school is in the volatile tribal khyber agency.
pakistan is the sole country in the world where cases so far this year exceed last year's toll.
1384	darsh patel, 22, was hiking with friends in the apshawa preserve in west milford in september when a bear started following them.
the group fled in different directions and when the four other hikers could not find patel, they called police.
patel's body was found two hours later.
the 300-pound bear was circling the body and could not be scared away.
it was  shot dead in accordance with division of fish and wildlife guidelines.
1385	youtube video viewed 250,000 times in three days.
hollywood star plays cancer sufferer in film 50/50.
1386	scientists warn possibility of 'megadrought' in southwest u.s. is between 20 and 50 per cent due to climate change.
they say decade-long drought would be worse than any in the last 2,000 years and ask authorities to start planning.
almost 60 per cent of california is now facing 'exceptional' drought conditions as dry weather continues for third year.
1387	president obama to meet with top bankers to push for more lending.
d.c. shop owner says his business makes $14 million a year but he can't get a loan.
stricter government regulations have pulled banks in two directions, experts say.
1388	ray lewis has an 11-year-old son with sharnika kelly, who lives in florida.
1389	"you choose what church you want to attend," sen. hillary clinton tells newspaper.
sen. barack obama has denounced some of his former minister's sermons.
obama campaign: clinton trying to distract attention from bosnia trip comments.
sermons included several racially charged remarks.
1390	david fuller said to have charged guests £15 entry to parties at his home.
gatherings hosted by a dominatrix known as mistress sarah, it is claimed.
portsmouth councillor has declined to comment on accusations.
1391	chris mcgarry was accused despite paying cash for food moments earlier.
tesco offer him a £5 voucher for his troubles at a northumberland store.
1392	boris berezovsky has died in self-imposed exile in england.
damian kudriavtsev says his friend reorganized russian industry after years of inefficiency.
a uk judge gave a damning judgment on berezovsky after suing roman abramovich.
1393	people out of work for more than a year could be offered council cash.
centre for social justice suggests fund to pay for moving costs.
plan would not be compulsory and only available to people with a job offer.
1394	tv host josh gates mistakenly received a pair of hamburger earmuffs due to a mix-up with his amazon order.
he has since tweeted a series of hilarious photos of him modeling the earmuffs which have gone viral.
the photos have sparked a lot of interest from people who want to purchase their own hamburger earmuffs.
unfortunately the seller was low on stock and only had 30 pairs left and it will take several weeks to import more from china.
gates has described the muffs as a 'christmas miracle' and he says amazon will have to 'pry them out of my cold hands'
1395	helicopter pilot attempts to transport overweight water tank.
chopper swerves from side to side, struggling with the tank's weight.
pilot moves to plan b, dropping tank at bank of canal instead of on grass.
1396	real sociedad talking to david moyes about vacant managerial position.
moyes left manchester united in april last season.
former west brom manager pepe mel is also in the running.
sociedad are currently 19th in la liga.
1397	nine suspected illegal immigrants emerge from their hiding place - from lorry on the m26.
four are seeking asylum - and are expected to begin to claim benefits.
the german lorry had entered from france.
1398	max barry: sydney hostage incident brings home terrorism threat.
but this wasn't australia's first brush with terrorism, writer says.
dozens of australians were killed in bali bombing in 2002, barry adds.
1399	lloyd's of london announces first ever female boss will take over in january.
industry veteran inga beale will become ceo -- a first in the company's 325-year history.
cnn takes a look at other financial trailblazers in world economy.
1400	first time in trading game's history that  fans have had say on the tokens.
vote attracted firms that tried to protect tokens that reflect their products.
iron introduced with the first parker brothers iteration of the game in 1935.
1401	attorney for alleged victims says rumors of pentagon or cia involvement are nonsense.
wikileaks founder julian assange's attorney says his client denies all allegations.
assange told a tv network he had been warned about "sex traps"
the fear that assange might leave sweden prompted a prosecutor to issue a warrant.
1402	john terry has been lauded by fellow chelsea legends marcel desailly and ron 'chopper' harris.
the 33-year-old centre back made his senior debut in october 1998.
terry replaced desailly as club captain at the start of the 2004-05 season.
desailly said it was a 'privilege' to play alongside  terry.
1403	hannah kritzeck, 19, from minnesota, was born with primordial dwarfism.
the extremely rare condition only affects 100 people in the world.
hannah is just 3ft 3ins tall and weighs just over two stone.
1404	pm opens door to giving people their first say on europe since 1975.
ballot could be held on the same day as the next general election in 2015.
william hague says move to a more federal europe to solve single currency turmoil would make a 'very, very powerful' case for a referendum.
1405	several dogs have earned a spot in history.
a soviet dog named laika rode into space history.
a dog stood between alexander the great and a charging elephant.
one puppy got final approval on a composer's music.
1406	laura bush sits down with cnn during u.n. meeting in paris, france.
she says president obama is doing good job under tough circumstances.
former first lady criticizes excessive partisanship of washington.
she also defends cheney's defense of bush administration actions.
1407	social workers, experts and a judge had assumed the child had been the victim of horrific abuse.
but his broken bones were really caused by an inherited vitamin d deficiency.
1408	africa's largest elephant population can be found in botswana.
elephants without borders is testing small-scale urban wildlife corridors.
the goal is to see whether these passages can be used to avoid human-wildlife conflict.
conservationists say elephants learn to adapt to changes in their environment.
1409	tell-all memoir, 'what really happened: john edwards, our daughter and me,' is due out on tuesday.
hunter claims edwards was cowed by his wife elizabeth, who died of breast cancer in 2010.
1410	south korean psychiatrist gives 5 warning signs of gaming addiction.
south korea's government tries to prevent and treat internet and gaming addiction.
in the united states, such addictions aren't listed as official disorders.
the american psychiatric association proposes more research on the topic.
1411	european resorts even cheaper than when the pound plummeted in 2009.
a basket of holiday items in the algarve 50 per cent cheaper than 2009.
post office travel money research said eurozone holidays are bargains.
prices rise significantly though in dubai, usa, thailand and the caribbean.
1412	they'd been separated for a decade.
suu kyi was released from house arrest on november 13.
the political activist has spent most of the past 20 years under house arrest or in prison.
the son had waited in bangkok, in limbo for weeks, for a myanmar visa.
1413	downing street releases legal advice clearing the way for british strike.
dossier says only assad regime could carry out damascus attack.
six raf typhoon jets deployed to cyprus in 'contingency planning'
deputy pm nick clegg is 'wrestling' with decision to support military action.
1414	benefits claimants who are 'too fat to work' more than double in five years.
almost 12,000 receive disability benefits because of metabolic disease.
obesity  costs the nhs more than £9billion a year.
1415	the national audit office, warns over the cost of the £3.7billion scheme.
the buyer must put down a minimum.
deposit of five per cent.
government provides loan for up to.
20% interest-free for the first.
five years.
maximum purchase price in england is £600,000.
1416	james hughes died from cardiac arrest following a ruptured bowel.
dr david sellu alleged to have ignored the seriousness of the situation.
the court heard that dr sellu also lied about scan results.
mr hughes 'could not explain the agony he was in to hungarian doctor'
1417	secretary of state returned to the vietnam river basin he patrolled as a young navy lieutenant.
kerry visited vietnam to shore up support in stand off with china over south china sea.
1418	beloved comedian died at home with his wife and dog by his bedside.
fortune was one third of the comedy trio bremner, bird and fortune.
he is survived by his wife and three children.
1419	jeremy meeks' family has hired a representative to manage publicity.
the manager allegedly received harassing phone calls and a death threat.
her staff filed a report with authorities.
1420	this page includes the show transcript.
use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call.
1421	ibrahim afellay has joined olympiacos on loan.
midfielder made just 35 appearances for barcelona.
afellay's contract with catalan club expires next summer.
olympiacos can extend afellay's deal by a further two years.
1422	investigators believe the fire was accidentally started.
at least 59 homes are destroyed by the flames.
a state natural disaster is declared by western australia's premier.
1423	dad of underwater baby on nirvana album dishes details on 1991 photo shoot.
"if you don't pull them up, they will drown," joked dad, a certified lifeguard.
photographer kirk weddle chose baby's photo from pictures of 11 other kids.
actual photo shoot lasted only 18 frames, said dad. "we got paid $200"
1424	anthony castro recalls ariel castro abusing him and his mother.
ariel castro pleaded guilty in a case in which he held three women for almost 10 years.
"what's horrifying is i have the same first and last name," anthony castro says.
1425	johnathan ball, three, and tim parry, 12, were killed by ira bombs planted in bins in warrington on march 20, 1993.
mr mcguinness yesterday visited the town to speak at its peace foundation.
he was invited by tim parry's father colin but protestors gathered outside.
1426	£600,000 ct scanner in bradford hospital first of its kind in the world.
marvel of medical technology makes more detailed scans with less radiation.
designed to accommodate obese patients, taking weight of up to 27 stone.
1427	"creative" is most common buzzword in analysis of 135 million linkedin profiles.
repeat offenders from last year's top 10 list include "innovative" and "motivated"
banish buzzwords from lexicon and give concrete examples where possible, author says.
"use language that illustrates your unique professional accomplishments," she says.
1428	martin kaiser, 54, used the traditional mountain form of communication.
kaiser had been walking with his dog when his leg became trapped.
despite suffering a few scratches kaiser was unhurt from the ordeal.
1429	meth doesn't actually turn blue when it's made so drug dealers are dying it with dangerous chemicals to make it more like the meth on breaking bad.
'its truly bad,' kevin abar of homeland security said, 'it's a bad meth that's created a lot of individuals getting sick from utilizing it'
meth can cause addiction after even one use, even if it makes the user ill.
'we're concerned that individuals may find it sexy and want to try it and utilize the drug and it's very addictive,' said abar.
1430	twitter fan david cameron follows singer/songwriter ellie goulding.
labour's chuka umunna follows u.s. rappers de la soul and busta rhyms.
nick clegg follows 28,500 people including blue singer duncan james.
1431	conor mcgregor is one win away from a world title shot against jose aldo.
mcgregor faces dennis siver in boston on sunday night.
the irish featherweight hopes his clash with aldo will take place in front of 80,000 fans at croke park later this year.
read: mcgregor returns to boston as a ufc star.
click here for more ufc news.
1432	gable tostee to remain behind bars until january 12, court hears.
tensions emerged between tostee's legal team and prosecutors at southport magistrate's court today.
his lawyers complained about police delays in gathering evidence.
tostee has been charged with the alleged murder of warriena wright at his gold coast apartment.
the incident allegedly occurred at 2:20am on august 8.
they met on dating app tinder, it has been alleged.
1433	mother 'dropped baby when she climbed on to conveyer belt'
lost her balance and baby fell on belt, which began moving.
woman's screams rang through the airport.
within seconds boy had been pulled into 10cm hollow and was crushed.
infant, confirmed as an american citizen, died at scene of tragic accident.
grieving parents questioned by police over tragedy.
1434	the cradle of the renaissance, florence has produced some of italy's greatest artists.
despite its small size, the city boasts a quarter of the globe's unesco world heritage sites.
florence is home to treasures from famed artists such as da vinci, michelangelo and botticelli.
1435	new galaxy s iv phone will feature 1920x1080 screen, rumours claim.
it could be released as soon as march, but others speculate april launch.
april launch date would mark 12 months since release of last galaxy phone.
1436	gardener george wall, 80, finds two tomatoes shaped like rubber ducks.
retired lorry driver found the deformed tomatoes growing in green house.
pensioner says discovery has made him a bit of a celebrity on his street.
1437	new: drilling doesn't turn up bones, body parts or other evidence, police chief says.
a tipster told police that a body was buried at a home about the time of hoffa's disappearance.
crews took soil samples and will test them for human remains; results are expected monday.
former teamsters leader hoffa disappeared in 1975.
1438	ebola outbreak in west africa is 'totally out of control', medics say.
disease linked to more than 330 deaths in guinea, sierra leone and liberia.
1439	aaa predicts 38.4 million americans will travel over the holiday weekend.
aaa attributes slight increase to improved consumer confidence.
those traveling by air probably will decline to 2.3 million, from 2.5 million last year.
the bulk of travelers will be going by car, aaa says.
1440	the azores are roughly 950 miles (1,529 kilometers) west of lisbon, portugal.
hurricane gordon is projected to weaken between the azores and mainland europe.
1441	patrick 'salvado' idringi is one of uganda's best known comedians.
he had previously worked as an engineer for a telecoms company.
salvado attributes his success to his readiness to talk openly about taboo subjects.
1442	dead included women and children, officials confirmed today.
explosion ripped through the house in a small village near afghan border.
1443	samuel 'curt' johnson pleaded guilty to sexual contact with a teenager.
johnson accepted a plea deal and will face four months prison and fined him $6,000.
the married father of four was originally charged in 2011.
he is one of multiple heirs to the sc johnson fortune.
the victim was aged between 13 and 15 at the time of the assaults.
1444	hugo the bulldog plays with lion igor and tiger ice and disciplines them.
cubs will outgrow hugo in one month and may have to be separated.
they will grow to be more than four times the size of bulldog hugo.
1445	gop congressman falsely claimed up to 81 democrats in house are communists.
john avlon says leaders of right and left have to condemn extreme views in their ranks.
he says rep. allen west's attempt to raise funds compounded his nutty claim.
1446	former shadow cabinet minister jim murphy is backing full devolution.
he said he would introduce a new 50p top rate of tax to hit wealthiest.
commission likely to recommend devolving income tax power to scotland.
1447	"i am married to a different person now," says survivor's wife.
rig survivors battling ptsd, traumatic brain injury, depression and anxiety.
transocean does not specifically dispute their claims of injuries.
1448	the burger manufacturing company provided burgers to schools.
the meat was from farmbox meats, which was raided two weeks ago.
tests show that horse meat is present in three burger samples.
it is yet to be revealed the percentage of horse meat in the burgers.
1449	spanish star signed for chelsea in a £30million deal on thursday.
he scored 42 goals in 151 games for barcelona but club say 'he was never as good in the second half of a season as the first'
former team-mate xavi says 'he will be an important loss for barcelona'
1450	ammunition company also offering 'zombie bullets' - live ammunition with a clever marketing campaign.
mind-altering drug available over the counter in u.s., but banned in britain.
police link drug to previous cannibal attack when a man ate another's face.
causes heart palpitations, nausea, hallucinations, paranoia and erratic behaviour.
1451	neil wilson handed an 8 month jail term suspended for 2 years last week.
today it was extended to 12 months still suspended during short hearing.
judge peters changed sentence but did not mention his or qc's comments.
attorney general's office still considering whether it is too lenient.
qc robert colover called 'disgrace' after his 'predator' comments.
colover stopped from prosecuting sex trials and cps investigation launched.
1452	windy hill had frequent heart pains after her baby girl was born.
a portion of hill's heart had died, leaving her in desperate need for a transplant.
while she was on the operating table to get a temporary pump, a new heart became available.
1453	christopher savoie's wife, amy: "i just wish i could talk to him"
savoie in jail in japan after trying to get kids back from his ex-wife.
japanese custom, law on custody differ sharply from those in u.s.
1454	fabregas will 'be ready to prove himself', mourinho says.
spanish midfielder completed £27million move before the world cup.
fabregas 'is a player in the best years of his career'
mourinho speaking as part of un's world food programme in africa.
1455	apartment will offer incredible views across the city - including central park, the hudson river and east river.
also offers deluxe interiors with top-of-the-line materials.
tower will become tallest residential building in new york when it is completed in 2013.
1456	obama was speaking to ministers at hampton university, virginia.
described incendiary pastor rev. wright as a 'friend and great leader'
right-wing media said obama was whipping up 'fear and hatred' while liberals dismiss tape as old news.
obama and romney go head-to-head in presidential debate on wednesday.
1457	iraqi army killed 10 al qaeda-linked militants in southern mosul, federal police official says.
roadside bombs killed three police officers elsewhere in the city, police say.
soldiers killed two gunmen who tried to attack an army checkpoint, according to police.
gunmen killed a civilian driver, police say.
1458	charlie hunnam and dakota johnson have been cast in the film.
some fans wanted matt bomer and alexis bledel to get the roles.
a petition is being circulated.
1459	ronald buckley, 93, indecently assaulted boys who lived at his orphanage.
they were aged between nine and 14-years-old when the incidents occurred.
buckley pleaded guilty but has showed no remorse or empathy, a court heard.
1460	andy slipped and became wedged between a train and the platform at a railway station in perth on wednesday.
dozens of commuters helped push the 90-tonne train to help free his leg.
andy said he was 'wobbly' on his feet, but didn't suffer any major injuries.
transperth praised the actions of all who helped lift the train off the man.
1461	the hospital lost power as sandy hit and has not had full power since the superstorm struck.
150 members of the national guard took part in the evacuation procedure.
millions of gallons had flooded the hospital basement.
soldiers and rescue service workers had to carry children and patients to safety.
1462	australian wore new outfit every day as part of her 26th birthday challenge.
has dressed as a mad scientist, singer craig david and an oompa loompa.
only spent $400 as many of her outfits were homemade.
held a costume party on her 27th birthday to celebrate end of the challenge.
1463	tv presenter requested an ambulance upon arrival at heathrow.
chris tarrant, 67, has previously had problems with asthma.
1464	six per cent of 16-24-year-olds thought artist was the french prime minister.
some of those questioned thought 'impressionism' was comedy, not art.
1465	fifth-grader jermaine colver was attacked in staten island, new york.
jumped by man who followed him down the street on way to school.
seen in surveillance footage stabbing jermaine three times.
boy was taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
1466	declassified report reveal britain considered argentinian base on falklands.
foreign office diplomats 'open to negotiating deal' two weeks before invasion.
'if all they wanted was a naval base we could easily accommodate them,' say handwritten note on documents from 1982.
1467	actress natasha richardson fell monday while skiing.
richardson appeared fine, but became ill soon after.
actress, 45, was daughter of vanessa redgrave, wife of liam neeson.
family says they are "shocked and devastated," thank all for support.
1468	chelsea beat monterrey 3-1 to reach fifa club world cup final.
european champions chelsea to play brazil's corinthians in sunday's showpiece match.
goals from juan mata, fernando torres and an own-goal from darvin chavez sealed win.
copa libertadores winner corinthians beat al-ahly on wednesday.
1469	peter bergen, cynthia schneider: video seems to show that isis has surveillance drone.
they say this highlights new reality: terrorist groups have technology once used by states.
they say hezbollah says it has used them; hamas says it has armed and unarmed drones.
writers: some 80 nations now have drones. we need 'geneva convention' to govern their use.
1470	lord ahmed was jailed in 2009 for dangerous driving after texting minutes before a fatal crash.
interview emerges where he links his prosecution to jewish-owned media.
labour condemns anti-semitism and suspends 55-year-old form the party.
1471	shelbi crouch, now 20, was 19 when she lost 80% of her scalp in freak go-kart accident.
her curly strawberry-blonde hair became stuck in axle of kart.
now faces long recovery process, which includes painful surgeries and skin grafts.
1472	gordon brown: boko haram's tactics have hit a new barbaric low.
boko haram's abuse of children is growing more vicious, he says.
1473	labour's stephen timms says the gambling machines can lead to violence.
frustrated punters can turn violent after they lose cash, he said.
1474	69.97% -- percentage of registered voters in ohio who voted in the 2008 election.
64% -- percentage of ohio workers who are "blue collar"
18 -- number of electoral college seats up for grabs from ohio this election.
8 -- number of buckeye state residents who have been elected president.
1475	mark topen caught on camera by his coworkers while dancing at a job site.
the 52-year-old plumber showed off many impressive moves - even a spin.
upon discovering he'd been recorded, mark simply laughed it off.
1476	a lack of rain and warm conditions will fuel bushfires along the east coast.
in wa, recent rain will provide fuel for the grass fires to burn increase.
experts have warned that fires are likely to start earlier than previous years.
the research is contained in a regional bushfire report for australia.
the message to australians is to prepare ahead of the bushfire threats.
1477	patrick smith accused of marrying janet mills maun while still married to his wife of 34 years, toni marie zimmerman.
zimmerman and smith separated in september 2006 but never divorced, and smith married maun in 2009.
zimmerman, who lives in washington, found out about smith’s second wife when she received a call from maun, from texas, in november 2012.
maun filed for divorce last year.
smith faces 10 years in jail if convicted.
1478	washington post: 'an unforgettable summer of sports in britain'
france 24: 'a much-needed spur to help to change attitudes the world over'
canberra times: 'the london organising committee fulfilled its pledge to not treat the paralympics as a poor cousin to the olympics'
1479	mp for the wrekin was arrested and questioned by police on tuesday.
alleged incident took place in central london earlier this year, police say.
he voluntarily attended a police station and was bailed, scotland yard said.
news emerged after police sent a letter to commons speaker john bercow.
tory party said it would be inappropriate to comment during investigation.
the 48-year-old announced last year he was divorcing his wife of 15 years.
1480	pair reveal cbb 'was just a job' and insist they are a lovely couple at heart.
spencer tells the house 'they brought us in to be speidi and stir it up'
1481	a suicide bomber detonated in a shop-lined street in baghdad killing 12 people.
shortly after two explosives went off at shorja market killing a further ten.
no-one has  claimed saturday's attacks which left a further 55 people injured.
the bombings happened just hours before the city's curfew was due to end.
1482	photos show roger daltrey, pete townshend and keith moon performing.
the intimate gig was at the cheam bath halls, surrey, in december 1966.
collection to be auctioned by catherine southon auctioneers next month.
1483	norton received part of the sum for presenting bbc1’s the graham norton show and hosting his radio two saturday programme.
a total of £2.61million was paid to his television company.
news of top paid stars comes despite bbc campaign to make savings of around three per cent.
1484	new: two bird flu deaths occur in anhui and jiangsu provinces, a government agency says.
new: there are 28 infections nationwide, but no human-to-human transmission, it adds.
china's vice premier urges more transparency in information about virus.
1485	manchester city have won all six of their uefa youth league matches.
city scored four goals in the last 20 minutes to beat roma on wednesday.
1486	kwaku adoboli faces four charges involving fraud and false accounting.
the trader at swiss bank ubs was arrested last week.
ubs says it has lost $2.3 billion in unauthorized trading.
adoboli has not yet entered a plea to the charges.
1487	£25,000 marcos mantis was parked under scaffolding in mayfair.
it has been splattered with white paint on the bonnet and windows.
the car was also covered in dust and dirt due to nearby roadworks.
1488	steve miller believes cartoon's appetite for junk food gives wrong message.
fat families presenter has urged the simpsons creator to 'slim down' star.
he said character's love of junk food is encouraging unhealthy eating habits.
1489	rights group urges rebels to abide by international accords amid report of "horrible abuses"
collapse of syrian regime appears inevitable, nato chief says.
syria's apparent use of scud missiles is "reckless," anders fogh rasmussen says.
opposition group calls for rebels to protect religious, cultural sites.
1490	the 72-year-old's funeral was held at brentwood cathedral today.
prince and van cutsem shared friendship starting at cambridge university.
conservationist was also close to the queen and died after a long illness.
one of his four sons is likely to be godfather to prince george.
1491	the paper claimed that the sunday tabloid was to blame for giving milly dowler’s parents false hope that their missing daughter was alive.
but while the notw did.
listen to the schoolgirl’s voicemail, police said there was no evidence.
that it deleted any messages.
investigators now believe the messages were erased automatically.
1492	photo shows kim fullerton and ambulance despatcher daniel manning.
north west ambulance service confirms it has launched investigation.
image leaked by a concerned whistleblower from office in liverpool.
1493	study suggests melting in an area is due to composition of earth's mantle.
the icegeoheat team claims they produced more accurate forecasts by adding their new findings to earlier models on climate change.
1494	this home features panic room, helipad, underground bunker and range of blinding fogs to deter intruders.
celebrity clients include oprah winfrey.
costs vary enormously but can be in excess of $10million.
1495	lewis hamilton believes ferrari and red bull will challenge this year.
englishman was third-quickest on the third day of tests in barcelona.
pastor maldonado set the pace with max verstappen just ahead.
hamilton won the title by 67 points last season ahead of nico rosberg.
1496	15.7million people now enrolled in pensions, after 2.7million rise in 12 months.
2012 government initiative forced employers to enrol their staff into pension.
figures show automatic enrolment reversed long-term decline in applying.
but office for national statistics survey showed fewer workers were being offered gold-plated final salary pensions.
1497	philip thomas burris jr., 25, said he had no choice but to have sex with the woman who oversaw his case.
kasey mcdonald, 38, was arrested on charges of having sex with burris last year.
she is also accused of smuggling a cell phone and marijuana into the oklahoma prison.
1498	hhs's office on women's health releases new report on women's mental health.
women suffer from major depression, anxiety disorders at higher rate than men.
half of all mental illnesses occur before age 14 in both men and women.
need for early detection and destigmatization of mental illnesses, researcher says.
1499	the palestinian man ploughed into commuters onto a crowded platform.
he then attacked people with an iron bar before police gunned him down.
police identified the attacker as ibrahim al-akri, 38.
tensions between arabs and jews in jerusalem are high amid clashes.
1500	the defense will try to convince a judge that reeva steenkamp's death wasn't murder.
did oscar pistorius know his girlfriend was behind a door when he shot and killed her?
and if he did not, did he act as a reasonable person would have?
experts in ballistics, pathology and psychiatry expected to try to support pistorius' story.
1501	u.s. researchers have identified a a molecule, known as tic10, which activates protein that helps fight disease.
the protein, called trail, helps immune system suppress tumour development.
because protein is part of immune system, it is not toxic to the body like.
chemotherapy or radiotherapy.
1502	jill foster is usually a size 14 and yet she struggles to find clothes to fit in marks & spencer.
she tries on various items from several different ranges and found she went from a size 12 to a size 18.
despite this jill claims she will be buying some of the clothes she tried on even if they weren't her regular size.
1503	it was no surprise that bill clinton responded to karl rove's attack on his wife.
rove, the gop strategist, questioned hillary clinton's injuries in a 2012 fall.
bill clinton's response suggested that there was more where that came from.
1504	department of homeland security announce increased screening by tsa.
follows on from french terror assault on charlie hebdo magazine.
english-language al-qaeda magazine provided instructions on how to make undetectable bomb.
1505	qantas resumes most flights wednesday.
ash cloud comes from the june 4 eruption of chilean volcano.
the cloud stranded australian flights more than a week ago.
new zealand flights are cancelled indefinitely.
1506	initiative was launched by the nhs to boost shockingly low detection rates.
but leading doctors and campaigners branded it ‘unethical’
they warned patients would be wrongly labelled as having dementia.
1507	the three canadian men were arrested in montreal early this morning a fortnight after their daring escape in a helicopter.
the men, who were awaiting trial on charges that included murder and gangsterism, were originally put behind bars as part of a major drug bust in 2010.
on june 7 a helicopter swooped in to the courtyard at the detention center where they were awaiting trial and flew them to temporary freedom.
1508	iran president mahmoud ahmadinejad denies rift with supreme leader.
ahmadinejad says opponents are "ignorant" about their relationship.
he is scheduled to be inaugurated wednesday before the nation's parliament.
1509	6 security staff dead, several sri lankan cricketers hurt in attack in lahore.
team bus was attacked by up to 12 gunmen en route to stadium, police say.
gunmen still at large; no group has claimed responsibility for attack.
batsmen paranavitana, samaraweera suffered gunshot wounds, sri lanka says.
1510	incumbent goodluck jonathan is the front-runner.
his main challenger is former military ruler muhammadu buhari.
the voting was largely peaceful.
official results could be announced as early as monday.
1511	roughly 1,000 protesters call for greater rights for non-citizen residents of kuwait.
security forces attack the protesters with water cannons.
several protesters are detained and questioned.
1512	aqualyx injections liquefy fat which is then eliminated when you urinate.
sharon donaldson, 39, was one of first people to try it.
she paid £1000 to have fat-zapping treatment on her face and midriff.
clinic claim absorbed fat cells do not return and there's no downtime.
critics say it could spell danger for cholesterol if fat turns to salt in blood.
1513	gabby giffords, shot in the head two years ago, recalls facing her shooter, jared loughner.
partially paralyzed, today, she and her husband adjust to a new normal.
giffords finds herself at the center of the debate over background checks and gun control.
1514	charles saatchi booked savoy suite six months before john diamond died.
room was booked under saatchiâ€™s pseudonym nightingale or green.
mr saatchi later stayed at the berkeley - and she sneaked in her kitten.
team nigella deny claims she was dating saatchi before husband died.
nigella's first husband john diamond died in march 2001.
saatchi also claimed they started seeing each other before diamond died.
1515	oli beale created a giant complaint letter and pinned it to the board in the communal area of his london block of flats.
it included the names of songs sung, what time it was followed by a mark out of ten and a short critique.
'your terrace faces 115 windows. i'm sure you are keen to hear our verdict,' he wrote.
heir karaoke version of elton john's hit tiny dancer got the most praise while aerosmith and run dmc's walk this way was the worst.
1516	tanya brookes made fake bank statements showing she paid full amount.
took discounted luxury items into stores demanding full refund.
court heard she 'manipulated' staff by wearing police id during offences.
mother-of-four pleaded guilty to 8 counts of fraud, already found guilty of 25.
judge says she brought 'shame' on profession, jailing her for two-and-a-half years.
1517	ipcc investigating claims officer 'lied about his qualifications'
cases are being examined, including a death investigation which has been reopened.
unnamed officer on police bail after being arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
1518	athletic director tim pernetti to be fired after scandal over video of basketball coach mike rice.
in his letter of resignation, pernetti says he was the one who wanted rice to be fired last year when he saw the video for the first time.
rice was dismissed by the university on wednesday after a video showing him pushing, kicking and spewing homophobic remarks at players.
dozens of rutgers teachers, along with alumni and politicians spoke out.
1519	phil neville admitted he had only made his first cup of coffee last month.
the footballing star confessed he had to ring his wife julie for instructions.
mrs neville revealed he has also never used a mop, vacuum or dishwasher.
now it looks like the football pundit has decided to change his ways.
after being branded 'britain's most hopeless husband' he tweeted a picture.
captioned 'time to get started' it shows him ready to tackle some cleaning.
1520	india urges tamil tiger rebels to allow civilians to leave sri lankan war zone.
sri lankan troops, tamil fighters locked in battle for control of rebels' territory.
india estimates up to 70,000 are trapped in the region by the conflict.
tamil tigers have been fighting for independent homeland since 1983.
1521	world players' union fifpro are wary of their members moving to serbia.
eight of the 16 teams in serbia are unable to pay their employees.
players at fk radnicki 1923 were reportedly threatened by fans.
1522	footage emerged from the wisconsin plane crash on the weekend that saw nine skydivers make emergency jumps from their planes after a collision.
majority of the video taken from the helmet of one of the divers, amy polson, who inside the lead plane when it made contact with the second, causing an eruption of flames.
she cried on the today show as she recalled the 'still raw' accident.
all nine realize they are lucky to be alive but said it is safe and they would do it again.
investigation underway to determine how the planes came to hit.
1523	dr richard curtis facing investigation for his treatment of sex swap patients.
watchdog alleges he prescribed wrong drugs and ignored their restrictions.
he underwent a sex change operation in 2005.
1524	pm to re-introduce a bill guaranteeing a vote by 2017 later this year.
he suggested he would use the parliament act to force the plans into law.
francois hollande said eu reform was not a 'priority'
1525	salman butt, mohammad aamer and mohammad asif were jailed after they were found guilty of conspiracy to cheat at gambling.
the trio agreed to bowl no-balls at certain times during the fourth test at lord’s in 2010 in return for financial reward.
case being reviewed amid doubts over the credibility of 'fake sheik' reporter mazher mahmood.
1526	lawrence orduno, 48, was found monday after being lost in a freezing northern utah canyon for nearly two days.
orduno built a makeshift cave out of pieces of his snowmobile to keep warm.
orduno was found in relatively good condition but with a little frostbite on his toes.
1527	skylar murphy was caught sept 20 with a pipe bomb at edmonton international airport.
screeners tried to give it back to the teen despite a nine-foot fuse sticking out of one side.
he reportedly made the bomb by stealing bullets from his mother's fiancee - the soon-to-be stepfather is an alberta sheriff.
mr murphy was arrested one week later and told police he forgot it was in his bag, a source said.
he received only probation.
1528	the kc-97 flight simulator, built in 1953, was one of only eleven ever made.
weighing in at nine tonnes, the simulator took three technicians to maintain.
equipment in device generated enough heat each hour to warm two homes.
the simulator appears to have remained in operation as part of the 128th air refuelling wing of the air national guard until the early 1970s.
1529	sean penn's immigration comment at the oscars causes some to cry "inappropriate!"
patricia arquette took on wage inequality, to the appreciation of meryl streep.
screenplay winner graham moore gave an emotional speech about growing up "weird"
1530	dr roberto viel has seen a 40% increase in demand for penis surgery.
says demand for £6,000 op is driven by sexualised images and porn.
well-endowed a-listers such as david gandy and jamie dornan contribute.
low self-esteem and lack of confidence among common reasons for op.
says many clients tell him they are miserable with average sized penis.
demand for breast implants and designer vaginas also shooting up.
1531	apple banned photo app that it says delivers porn.
500px is a photo-sharing app that features all kinds of images.
officer says porn is not allowed on the app.
500px has resubmitted the app, hopes to be reinstated.
1532	infant rescued by slovenian military as floods kill at least 40 in the balkans.
new threat of disease emerges after thousands of livestock drown in floods.
delgue in serbia, bosnia and croatia has forced 500,000 people from homes.
1533	health department working to determine source of fast-spreading stomach virus at richardson high school in north texas.
last monday over 200 were off sick.
by friday it had escalated to 675 students and 22 staff.
the school has brought in special cleaners to sanitize the premises.
they say the virus is not food-related and that general hygiene, like hand washing, is the best deterrent.
1534	house speaker john boehner says he won't negotiate legislation with the president.
zelizer: house gop won't acknowledge obama's mandate, boehner not in control of caucus.
navarrette: obama needs to stop practicing "defiance politics," needs to lead.
senate minority leader mitch mcconnell could be instrumental in upcoming battles.
1535	new: 4 groups announce legal challenge in phoenix.
american civil liberties union, aclu of arizona, national immigration law center slam law.
mexican american legal defense and educational fund also objects to it.
they say law encourages racial profiling, but supporters say it doesn't involve any illegal acts.
1536	natalie allman, 29, was battered with a dumb-bell by jason hughes, 42.
ta soldier hughes also slit her throat in 2012 attack to make her look 'ugly'
their twin boys saw the attack, and were found covered in blood by police.
ms allman must send hughes updates on boys under parental rights laws.
if she does not she could be held in contempt of court and jailed.
1537	billie jean king is named in the presidential delegation to the closing ceremony.
she withdrew from opening ceremony because of mother's illness.
king wants russia's lgbt community "to know they are not alone"
russia has been criticized for its position on gay rights.
1538	pm went to wildly popular show this weekend.
it has attracted controversy for its portrayal of the religion.
it is unknown what cameron thought of hit show from south park creators.
1539	michael pollara, 46, has elegantly collected over $1 million dollars in merchandise along with his mother as a sidekick.
pollara has also managed to travel to 25 countries, though he claims he's used 'travel points' to surface the globe rather than stolen goods.
'either it’s on you, either, if you’re a female, it’s in the purse, either it’s in a bag or it’s in a shopping cart or it’s in a box,' pollara says of shoplifting.
1540	tomas suchy was helping colleagues re-stack pile of boxes at food factory.
22-year-old suffered 'catastrophic' head injuries when pallets fell on him.
co-workers shouted 'run away' but the slovakian-born worker was crushed.
the pallets which hit mr suchy contained 52 boxes each weighing 25 kilos.
inquest heard from ex-employees who criticised firm's health and safety.
1541	amazon has increased the minimum order for fee shipping to $35.
for 10 years, the minimum was $25.
the retailer hasn't explained the move, but commentators say the company may be trying to encourage consumers to buy an amazon prime subscription.
1542	messi dominates adidas' new multi-million pound ad campaign.
he appears as a mural before bursting off the wall with a ball at his feet.
messi morphs into tiger after racing to the nou camp through barcelona.
the forward returns to barcelona training on tuesday following a break.
he has been in capri with girlfriend antonella roccuzzo on holiday.
messi will train with dani alves, andres iniesta, xavi and co at la masia.
messi and argentina agonisingly lost the world cup final to germany.
the barcelona forward won the golden ball for the best player in brazil.
messi will wear latest signature adizero f50 boots for barca this season.
the golden boots have been designed to celebrate his amazing career.
1543	doctor who's regeneration was the most-watched christmas day television moment with 10.2m viewers seeing the five-minute sequence on bbc one.
mrs brown's boys christmas special was the most-watched programme with an average of 9.4m viewers.
doctor who was christmas day's second most watched show with 8.3million viewers.
eastenders failed to land top soap spot for first time in ten years.
1544	weeks of fighting between kurds and isis have devastated the kurdish city of kobani.
some people remain but food and fuel are scarce and mortars rain down.
female kurdish fighters are among those battling isis in the shell-blasted streets.
"i lost a lot of friends in this war and i resist to avenge their death," says one fighter.
1545	outgoing massachusetts gov. deval patrick blames president barack obama for 2014 losses.
patrick says obama failed to highlight the positive economic growth to voters.
hillary clinton shouldn't be seen as the inevitable 2016 democratic presidential candidate, he adds.
1546	gabor's husband says actress' condition is "critical"
her daughter reports a more optimistic "guarded" condition.
the glamour icon underwent hip replacement surgery july 19.
gabor fell while answering a phone.
1547	rumours are swirling that the single beds are only 5ft 8in (172.5cm) long.
london 2012 already proving to be the twitter-lympics.
has swimmer packed her beloved 'mummy porn' trilogy 50 shades of grey?
1548	football club published black and red image in email sent to millions of fans.
featured headline, 'new order', a play on the name of a manchester band.
term also linked to nazism because of hitler's call for new order in europe.
1549	more than 2.7 million children in america live with a parent in prison, says a recent study.
in some countries, children even have to live in prison with their parents.
these children often become depressed and angry; some repeat the cycle of crime.
top 10 cnn hero pushpa basnet and others are reaching out to support these kids.
1550	low draw will not be a disadvantage for favourite watchable.
trainer david o'meara aiming to win scotland's big flat race for the first time.
also has louis the pious and highland acclaim in the field.
jump jockey jason maguire returns from six months on the sidelines with rides at newton abbot and worcester.
trainer colin tizzard revealed last season’s king george vi chase winner cue card has had an operation to aid breathing.
1551	sheikh ahmad al-ghamdi and his wife appeared on saudi television.
he suggested that  islam does not require women to hide their faces.
his wife appeared without a veil, showing light make-up  during the show.
al-ghamdi said he received several death threats after the appearance.
one cleric called for him to be 'tortured' as a punishment for his views.
1552	germany beat the netherlands 3-0 in international friendly in hamburg.
spain score two late goals to rescue a 2-2 draw with costa rica.
england beat sweden 1-0 at wembley for second straight friendly win.
uruguay edge italy 1-0 in olympic stadium in rome.
1553	first object may have been a clamp, nasa says.
objects floating during a spacewalk is not usual, spokesman says.
a second object, possibly a washer, floats away.
the six-hour task will replace a camera and update cable connections.
1554	lord carey said church of england is at risk if 'urgent' action is not taken.
he warned church could be just one generation away from extinction.
the 78-year-old reverend laid the blame at the feet of church leaders.
he said should they be 'ashamed' of their failure to bring youngsters in.
lord carey's stark message has been echoed by the archbishop of york.
the former archbishop stepped down from lambeth palace in 2002.
1555	digital sector in london will boost economy by £12billion over next ten years.
oxford economics predicts capital's tech sector will provide 46,000 jobs.
south mountain economics says growth in tech sector is outstripping that of silicon valley.
chair of tech city uk joanna shields says london is becoming a 'digital powerhouse'
1556	rex tillerson, the head of the world's largest oil company, admitted fossil fuels are causing climate change.
but, tillerson blamed 'lazy journalists' and environmentalists 'manufacturing fear' for 'overblown' concern about the issue.
scientists say the violent and sporadic weather this year is a taste of the impact of global warming.
1557	app to be retired on july 1st.
online petition to save it garners 54,000 sign-ups in 16 hours.
google cites lack of usage, shifting company focus for closure.
1558	michaels fought to stay conscious during brain hemorrhage.
"he has an unbelievable fight in him," says doctor.
michaels' recovery is complicated by "a few roadblocks," doctor says.
1559	more than 35 million mammograms performed annually in the u.s.
be screened at the same place every year; makes comparing images easier.
minimize discomfort by going early in your monthly cycle.
1560	pressure of young families and climbing the career ladder to blame.
67 per cent of us suffer from stress every week.
the average brit gets stressed 208 times a year.
1561	cara reynolds, 24, suffered a heart attack after taking raspberry ketones.
miss reynolds, who weighed 10st, bought the forza pills on the internet.
but just weeks after taking the pills, miss reynolds had heart palpitations.
after a bad break-up in march 2013, she overdosed on the the tablets.
doctors tried to resuscitate her 44 times, but dose of caffeine was fatal.
1562	walker released with immediate effect from his contract by hull kr.
23-year-old had been dropped last month for disciplinary reasons.
1563	duan shuyo, 59, grabbed hold of 15-month-old lu as he fell.
grandfather pulled headfirst into the gap and had a heart attack.
continued to hold onto the boy after death until rescuers arrived.
1564	planners of michael jackson memorial say they did not know daughter would speak.
appearance marks rare occasion in which paris jackson seen without veil.
paris jackson's tribute to her father strikes chord with viewers around the world.
"it was an example of the good parent michael was," former jackson publicist says.
1565	new research shows news apps are competitive with twitter's mobile app.
many hope that revenue from these apps might offset losses from print and broadcast news.
news apps are costly to make and maintain.
larger news organizations might profit from apps, but it's doubtful that smaller newspapers will.
1566	supreme court lifts restraining order keeping boy in brazil.
david goldman has been locked in a legal battle over his 9-year-old son, sean.
goldman's wife took sean from new jersey to rio de janeiro for two weeks, never returned.
bruna bianchi remarried, later died in childbirth; sean has lived with her family since 2004.
1567	chancellor george osborne has apparently changed his mind on the move and is now in favour of the project.
supporters say the scheme will solve london’s aviation crisis.
a railway station to be built under the new airport would be the uk's busiest, handling 300,000 arrivals and departures a day.
1568	barely past the opening credits of a new documentary about ali, we get a glimpse of how he was once more reviled than revered.
the scenes in 'the trials of muhammad ali' are juxtaposed with president george w. bush giving ali the presidential medal of freedom in 2005.
he angered the nation when he refused induction to the army at the height of the.
vietnam war as a conscientious objector.
1569	tooth from myanmar is similar to tooth from libya from 37 million years ago.
pre-human ancestors migrated between continents.
asia, not africa, is the birthplace of our anthropoid ancestors.
1570	dr. anthony garcia, 40, was arrested monday during a traffic stop.
he appeared to be drunk and had a.45-caliber handgun with him.
he is accused of murdering creighton university medical school professor roger brumback and his wife, mary, in may.
he is also accused of stabbing to death the 11-year-old son and family housekeeper of creighton professor william hunter in 2008.
brumback and hunter fired garcia from the school in 2001 for 'erratic behavior'
1571	tracey connelly, 32, jailed indefinitely for her role in baby p's death.
she has now served minimum five years ordered and is up for parole.
connelly's own mother says her daughter should 'never' be released.
1572	international olympic committee (ioc) suspends india for violating the olympic charter.
suspension prevents indian athletes from competing in olympic events.
ioa loses ioc funding until suspension lifted.
1573	lee roberts suffered 22 per cent burns and hasn't been able to work since.
he was put into medically induced coma for two days after the accident.
fire was caused by an electric spark from a drill which ignited fuel.
firm's boss fined £40,000 this week over health and safety breaches.
1574	other celebs who support peta have been on parade floats without controversy.
jett says she wants to be on another float because of "people's political agendas"
"we were rightly concerned about her representing south dakota," ranchers' rep says.
jett supports peta, which says "the meat trade can't stand any scrutiny of its cruelty"
1575	peton lassiter spotted a nine inch by six inch footprint in vicksberg, mississippi in august and took a cast of it.
he believes ridges and a gray hair on the cast prove it is not from a bear.
he contacted a paranormal group and its co-founders david childers revealed he had seen a six-foot-tall gray figure in the woods last year.
the men are now investigating the woods further to search for answers.
1576	new: metro-north train had safety systems designed to stop it in an emergency.
a retired army colonel is one of the passengers who've filed a notice.
a lawyer for the engineer describes what happened as "highway hypnosis"
"i think most people are leaning towards human error," union representative says.
1577	chavez has not specified the type of cancer he is battling.
the charismatic and controversial leader is up for re-election in october.
1578	energy secretary ed davey insists the uk has a 'moral duty' to act.
britain is giving £720million to a new united nations climate fund.
poor countries offered help to cope with impact of floods and droughts.
cash will come from existing international development budget.
tory mps argue more money needs to be spent on uk flood defences.
1579	michala gol, 28, met turkish waiter ensar gol, 22, in bodrum.
they married and had two children after settling in uk.
but michala's family never approved of gol.
he became controlling and cheated on her.
boasted on facebook how he was planning to 'cover london in blood'
then stabbed his wife repeatedly while she slept.
attacked mother-in-law when she tried to save daughter.
both women died from stab wounds.
1580	emily sukiennik and fiance mark solper perform eye-watering stunt.
she completed a 65ft-long tightrope walk 450ft above utah canyon.
simultaneously he completed a base jump from the top of the outcrop.
pair locked eyes for a brief second as they completed daredevil activity.
1581	cui jian declines to appear in state broadcaster's lunar new year television gala.
invite had surprised many as chinese rock star sided with tiananmen protesters in 1989.
annual show is one of world's most watched television programs.
marathon broadcast has been losing appeal among audiences in recent years.
1582	california-based netflix has revealed a website that shows people spoilers.
called 'living with spoilers' users can click through various scenes.
each spoiler shows a video clip from a show that reveals a major plot point.
users can vote on the spoilers that appear on the website.
they can also take a quiz to find out what type of 'spoiler' they are.
1583	autopsy is thought to be the first in the world on such an old bison.
ancient animal was discovered in july 2011 in the sakha republic, or yakutia, a remote part of russia where mammoths have been discovered.
scientists are conducting a full anatomic autopsy, including.
removing every organ and.
microbiological and genetic tests.
1584	tim mathieson joked smaller hands make the physical test more bearable.
the pm's partner was talking to the west indian cricket team.
julia gillard admitted the comments were in 'poor taste'
1585	paul crowther, 53, had a grudge against his neighbour claus reinauer.
he broke into mr reinauer's exeter flat with jamie hooper and sarah ellis.
they covered his things in faeces and urine and cut up his clothes.
the trio stole an 'irreplaceable' penknife and destroyed documents.
lawyers for the gang, jailed for a year, said their clients were not racist.
1586	paul and clare coulston have been making guardianship arrangements.
she was diagnosed with oesophageal cancer and he with motor neurone disease.
mrs coulston has been a 30 per cent chance of survival and her husband has been told he has between three and five years to live.
1587	sudanese protest over economic reforms lifting gas subsidies, leading to price hikes.
one protester shot dead in wad madani; police say that it's not known who shot him.
witnesses: gas stations, buses, political buildings are attacked amid protests.
1588	alana, six, aka honey boo boo, shot to fame on the controversial reality tv series toddlers & tiaras earlier this year.
the youngster's mom june is commonly referred to as the 'coupon queen'
the family's new reality series, here comes honey boo boo follows their daily antics in mcintyre, georgia.
1589	cnn talks to eric moussambani, better known as "eric the eel"
equatorial guinea athlete became a worldwide celebrity for the worst swim ever.
he finished 100 meters freestyle heat at sydney 2000 in double the world record time.
now 34, moussambani is hoping to return to the olympics at rio in 2016.
1590	kevin holt fired queen of the south ahead with a first-half free kick.
forward gavin reilly slotted home the second in the 67th minute.
rangers remain nine points behind scottish championship leaders hearts.
1591	shalon travis picked up a cheeseburger meal at the wendy's in lovejoy, atlanta.
when she arrived home, she noticed a strange smell coming from the burger.
she discovered a half-smoked joint inside the burger.
amy seiber, 32, was fired after she admitted 'misplacing' the joint there.
she was arrested for possession of less than an ounce of marijuana and is free on bail.
1592	striker had passed medical before potential £3.5million deal.
metz on verge of complaint to uefa after transfer collapses.
matt jarvis could be on his way out of upton park with west brom  to bid.
1593	jayne triffitt said pupils asking for a healthy diet may have eating disorders.
head of £10,000-a-term boarding school said teens feel pressured to be thin.
added exam pressure and heavy work loads can lead to mental illnesses.
those with history of depression more likely to develop eating disorder.
study found teen girls are prone to mental health issues due to hormones.
1594	bushr al tawashi was lost in the panic when his family fled damascus.
syrian government has agreed to a ceasefire throughout islamic holiday  eid al-adha starting today.
1595	no woman has ever won the daytona 500.
danica patrick holds the pole position for sunday's race.
mike downey says a win for danica patrick would be "giant checkered flag for womankind"
downey: "i will be pulling for patrick"
1596	natural skincare brand moogoo have launched edible lip balms for £3.90.
australian brand uses beetroot extract instead of cochineal insect dye.
1597	jessiica mcdonald was watching the footy at home with her family.
her dad opened some beef jerky and took a bite, but got a surprise.
he actually munched on the leg of a cane toad - a common pest in darwin.
other northern territorians have taken to cooking up the toad.
1598	new: "weak and moderate explosions" are all that are being seen, the government says.
on friday, authorities say, it is decreasing in activity.
a heightened alert remains in place.
guatemala's volcan de fuego, or "fire volcano," erupted thursday.
1599	plans for disruption at st louis baseball game by protesters on wednesday.
michelle obama and jill biden both expected to attend under media spotlight.
demonstrators are considering huge rally and pitching tents around ballpark.
1600	the tourist was trapped on remote governor island off west australia.
a local man saw the traveller's flashing light and rescued him by boat.
the crocodile was described as a 'monster' and had lived there for years.
1601	tyler holder, 17, remains in jail on $1million bail and faces capital murder charge.
police suspect teen used his mother's car to abduct alanna gallagher, 6, and then dispose of her boy july 1.
purple timex watch with flowers, which is believed to be alanna's, was found in holder's home.
suspect bought new cell phone after murder and gave his old device to a friend, who found x-rated photos and online search for child porn sites.
1602	seasonal virus has mutated and has swept minnesota.
teenagers with no underlying conditions have been worst affected.
shannon zwanziger, 17, died earlier this month after being sick with the flu for a week.
1603	mount tavurvur spews a tower of ash 60,000 feet into the sky.
the volcano is situated near the township of rabaul on the island of new britain.
tavurvur erupted in 1994 along with another nearby volcano, destroying rabaul.
1604	the ballinasloe horse fair, a tradition dating back to the 18th century is underway in county galway, western ireland.
the fair has a long standing tradition with the irish travelling community, with many returning to event every year.
said to be one of the most important social and economic events for the community, as they buy and sell horses.
1605	led bulbs use around 90 per cent less energy than incandescent lights.
but insects are more strongly attracted to the led spectrum of light.
scientists caught and labelled around 20,000 insects attracted to leds.
the attraction can be fatal, causing more flies to be eaten by predators.
scientists say this can disrupt food chains and damage local ecosystems.
another concern is that led lights near ports could attract flying pests, such as the gypsy moth, that are accidentally transported by ships.
1606	new: truce deal still intact, a yemeni government official says.
new: official cites revenge, truce info not yet reaching militia fighters as reasons.
yemeni interior official tells newspaper that houthi rebels fired on his car.
troops and rebels exchange fire, killing one, state-run media reported.
1607	burkina faso and hosts equatorial guinea played out goalless draw.
burkina twice hit the frame of the goal as the hosts clung on for a point.
burkina have just one point from their opening two group games.
the hosts have drawn both of their first two games at afcon.
1608	flight from scotland to alaska grounded at philadelphia.
threatening 'explosives' note sent to london addres.
everyone gets off but no problems found on board.
1609	stacy bowman died in her sleep after suffering a series of chest infections.
landlord had failed to repair the property - despite being issued with an enforcement notice by council officials.
the mother, who had married just weeks beforehand, was pregnant with her second child.
1610	an intelligence report confirms the 'serious' incident' from december 2013.
it is understood an australian special forces soldier pulled a loaded handgun on an asis spy.
the soldier and spy were reportedly drinking together whilst in afghanistan.
agents are prohibited from having possession on a gun with a blood alcohol content above zero.
dr vivienne thom is investigating the use of weapons by asis.
asis was banned from carrying arms between 1983 and 2003.
1611	marie lacombe says she and bruce dusting were only ever good friends.
but he says she led him on to get him to loan her more and more cash.
now he says the stress of the 'break up' means he'll never dance again.
1612	england host sri lanka in a two-test series.
the first test starts at lord's on thursday morning.
former australia spinner warne said alastair cook and the selectors should've gone with youth.
1613	former manchester united and everton manager took over in november.
sociedad beat european heavyweights barcelona 1-0 on sunday night.
sportsmail's pete jenson looks at david moyes' first two months in spain.
1614	latoya smith died of her injuries after being hit in january, 2010.
inquest told she had earphones in when she was knocked down.
the schoolgirl had changed buses because of traffic.
usual pedestrian crossing closed close to where she was hit.
1615	233 people have become ill and 15 have died after receiving steroid injections.
two other products from new england compounding center have been linked to infections.
list of products in question takes up more than 70 pages and includes morphine, saline.
1616	dan paquette from davidson, north carolina, said he received an email from the late show with david letterman after his hammer-welding skills were spotted online.
1617	"les sapeurs" are a unique group of fashionistas who strut the streets of kinshasa.
they wear expensive designer clothes, despite the poverty around them.
famed musician papa wemba popularized the movement.
1618	meredith hendrix uploaded stunning images of her october wedding to kat jackson on tumblr and received thousands of messages of support.
she said she was stunned that every message was positive.
her 'stoically religious' parents had refused an invitation to the wedding.
1619	facebook may add user profile pictures to a facial recognition database.
the social media giant says the move would improve its 'tag suggest' feature.
the company says the move would actually improve privacy because users would know when pictures of them have been posted.
facebook won't rule out using the database for other purposes.
1620	perfectly preserved mahogany box found at house in derbyshire.
comes complete with 29 bottled concoctions.
remedies include manna, steers's opodeldoc and peppermint water.
expected to fetch over £3,000 at auction.
1621	a south korean official says jill kelley's use of her honorary title was "not suitable"
a new york businessman accused her of using that designation to solicit business.
kelley's complaint about harassing e-mails led to the resignation of cia chief david petraeus.
1622	andrew chan is among 20 death row prisoners scheduled for execution this year.
chans fellow conspirator myuran sukumaran had his bid for clemency rejected.
a new appeal depends on a debate about how many times indonesian prisoners can seek judicial reviews.
1623	large hadron collider will have first attempt at circulating a beam september 10.
it's the largest particle accelerator in the world and costs about $10 billion.
lawsuits allege it could generate black holes that could eat the earth.
scientists say these allegations have no merit.
1624	just two days after hottest halloween on record at 24c, uk hit by showers, plummeting temperatures and tornado.
residents in coalville, leicestershire, describe 'roof tiles crashing into the street' with 'debris flying everywhere'
in durham, highways agency staff are being placed on standby with their fleet of gritters and tons of road salt.
meanwhile, thousands of riders gathered yesterday for the opening day of the annual fox-hunting season.
1625	former deputy director michael morell recently retired from the cia.
he blasted edward snowden for the majority of an interview aired sunday night opn 60 minutes.
calling him a traitor, mr morell said the snowden leaks have put americans in greater danger.
1626	warning: graphic content.
aaron jackson, of leicester, attacked while working as a bouncer last june.
sanchez moore bit him in face as another thug grabbed him from behind.
the boxer, who had just signed professional contract, has not trained since.
has also needed five bouts of painful reconstructive surgery using a skin graft taken from his forehead.
1627	debbie goard has been making 'sculpted' food cakes for 25 years.
the baker's creations have been known to sell for thousands of dollars.
ms goard dissects real foods to come up with recipes to create life-like textures and finishes.
1628	communities secretary eric pickles reveals plan to encourage english.
staff at asda and co-op to act as 'sympathetic listeners' to immigrants.
lessons will also be held in mosques, churches and sikh gurdwaras.
1629	esa claims clambering down to a cave is similar to a spacewalk.
like in space, trainees have to be careful not to drop equipment.
this year, trainees will set up an outpost 3.1 miles (5 km) from basecamp.
they will then spend the night in the cave, following directions left by previous ‘cavenauts’
1630	self-styled guru told mps she was not paid to make tv shows on the back of her report.
last night she admitted she had received huge sum from channel 4.
1631	bigger doll thought of as having no friends, according to 3-year-olds.
researcher john worobey said girls reflecting mothers' weight anxiety.
1632	new technology allows couples to 'touch each other over the internet'
underwear fitted with vibrators that can be activated using smartphone app.
durex hope to unveil more savvy products with 'durexperiment' team.
couples can sign up to trial the hi-tech underwear.
1633	alastair cook negotiating to buy bedfordshire farm for £1.2m.
michael clarke continues mind games by talking up matt prior.
yorkshire chairman colin graves in sydney after tough year at home.
ecb furious with cricket australia for aggressive twitter campaign.
piers morgan's charm offensive shows no sign of abating.
ian ward in contention to succeed david gower at sky sports.
1634	burglars used scaffolding poles to break in to angel di maria's home.
the man united star is believed to have been home having dinner.
three thieves reportedly used the metal poles to break through patio doors.
they left empty-handed after an alarm went off on saturday night.
it occurred just hours after manchester united's 3-1 win over leicester city.
di maria had a security guard on sunday as he drove from his hotel.
images of his property showed a window boarded up.
his agent confirmed the incident on sunday, and police are investigating.
1635	lissani, 25, from leeds, had a giant tattoo inked on her chest aged 18.
the move was an act of rebellion against her strict catholic upbringing.
but she now bitterly regrets her decision after becoming a mother.
1636	jose mourinho tore into his players during half-time team talk.
they had struggled to assert themselves in first-half against maribor.
mourinho accused them of being 'slow' and lacking 'creativity'
chelsea eventually earned a 1-1 draw in slovenia, with matic scoring.
diego costa had a late goal disallowed for offside.
1637	andy leeks, at 16 stone, was 3 stone overweight for his height (5 ft 11in)
failed to shift the pounds that had crept on in the last three years.
tried 10 diets including 5:2, a juice fast, atkins and the cabbage soup diet.
in total he lost 30½ lb and his waist went from 38-40 inches to 34-36 inches.
1638	‘we are seeing a lot of professionals coming in, particularly from london. they are in workplaces where you really wouldn’t want them to be'
1 in 15 doctors develop an addiction at some point.
24% of lawyers will battle alcohol during their careers.
1639	kit symons has  five wins in eight games to pull fulham from relegation.
fulham chairman shahid khan to fly from america on wednesday.
cottagers face derby in the capital one cup on tuesday.
1640	brady says he 'took it personally' that he was accused of cheating.
says he's now 'moved past it' ahead of sunday's super bowl against the seattle seahawks.
brady says he hasn't heard from nfl deflate-gate investigators and doesn't expect to until after the big game.
seahawk richard sherman lashed out at the patriots, saying the team won't be punished because new england owner bob kraft is so close with nfl commissioner roger goodell.
for the full interview, visit weei here.
1641	heston blumenthal and peter gilmore said they don't believe food prices should come.
they attributed the high price of dining in australia to the weekend penalty rates paid to workers.
'the quality you get is exceptional and you should be prepared to pay for quality,' gilmore said.
both chefs made an appearance at the launch of perth's food and wine festival, the margaret river gourmet escape.
1642	sharp rise in sales of hay fever products in urban areas this month.
london is hay fever hot spot for first time, then birmingham and manchester.
demand has previously been scattered across both rural and urban areas.
pollution, such as car exhaust fumes, can make symptoms worse.
wet weather also means some people are confusing symptoms of the common cold with hay fever, say pharmacists.
1643	british photographer ed james reveals haunting collection of images.
it features ten innocent-looking objects all used in real-life murders.
he has deliberately chosen not to name the murderers or their victims.
advertising photographer said collection is meant to 'unsettle and provoke'
1644	record parties are a great way to get together with friends.
instead of an ipod, get better sound with a record player, available on ebay or craigslist.
records can be inexpensive: $1 gems aren't too rare to stumble upon.
bring snacks and a playlist.
1645	father claims teenage son was unaware he was being charged.
wants apple to scrap the charge but company has so far refused.
only way to recoup money is to report purchases as fraudulent.
son could now face arrest and questioning by police.
1646	secret service and connecticut state police are looking for a silver 2014 volkswagen jetta driven by a man that might be armed with assault rifle.
president obama arrived in rhode island friday evening to attend a private fundraiser.
1647	usa were defeated 2-1 in extra-time against belgium at the world cup.
coach jurgen klinsmann has praised 'phenomenal' tim howard.
usa keeper made more saves (15) than any keeper since 1966 world cup.
howard's everton teammate romelu lukaku made the difference by setting up kevin de bruyne and scoring himself to reach quarter-finals.
1648	more indians moving to urban areas, hence longer waiting lists for nursery schools.
some schools have places for less than 4 percent of applicants.
chosen nursery school determines 14 years of a student's education, opportunities.
parents prefer private schools, complain some government schools are falling apart.
1649	palestinians want israel to be hauled before the international criminal court.
they claim that the country's attack on gaza resulted in war crimes.
netanyahu met with us lawmakers to discuss the gaza conflict.
israeli leader hoping us can prevent his country from being investigated.
1650	david mcmahon was hit in the eye by a ball hit by pro gavin dear.
he claims he had no warning that the ball was coming.
mr dear claims the man was out of sight when he hit the ball.
1651	kings mill house in great shelford, cambridgeshire, inspired the beloved children's novel tom's midnight garden.
the 3.5-acre georgian property comprises a five-bedroom main house, two-bedroom cottage and a walled garden.
it also features high ceilings, grand fireplaces, enormous master bedroom, medieval fish ponds and a heated pool.
it was the childhood home of author philippa pearce and has now gone on the market for staggering £3.45million.
1652	black passenger's refusal to give up seat for a white man triggered the u.s. civil rights movement.
1653	sir christopher meyer claimed there was a 'whiff of totalitarianism' about the inquiry into press standards.
1654	florida mom, 35, is pregnant with her fifth baby.
gave birth to her first four children via c-section but wants a natural birth this time even though multiple doctors said it is a high-risk pregnancy.
1655	leaders of each country met in istanbul.
the drills will help add stability in the region, karzai says.
during a news conference harmid karzai was asked about having a taliban office in turkey.
1656	campylobacter causes 280,000 cases of food poisoning in britain a year.
washing chicken under the tap can spread the bug more than three feet.
the bug is the biggest cause of food poisoning causing 500 deaths a year.
1657	barry todd, 64, was luck to survive a ruptured aortic aneurysm in october.
he had emergency surgery and was in a coma in hospital for 10 days.
then, his wife - carol - played him a recording of his choir singing.
he started to awake and began whistling along to the song.
1658	novak djokovic won first round encounter 6-1 6-2 6-4.
wimbledon champion ended concerns about his form and mindset after marriage to partner jelena.
serb secured win on arthur ashe in an hour and 37 minutes.
djokovic will face france's paul-henri mathieu in second round.
1659	appointed a 'contributing editor' for vanity fair, signing a lucrative dea.
will supply us magazine with thoughts on 'classic british pastimes'
tips in the edition include ' leave enough time to get to the tennis'
she also warns 'avoid walking long distances in stilettos'
1660	texan eli martinez has befriended the group of sharks in the bahamas.
he has visited tiger beach several times a year for a decade.
now able to identify individual sharks and perform a routine with them.
1661	patient suffering diarrhoea visited an nhs clinic next to asda in hereford.
he was transported to hereford county hospital where he is being tested for ebola after revealing a history of travel to west africa.
the surgery was closed immediately in line with guidelines.
health officials say test is 'a precaution' and they expect it to be negative.
ebola has so far killed more than 5,000 people in west africa.
1662	"he always stood up for the underdog," assange's stepfather says.
assange's mother said she was concerned he had become "too smart for himself"
the u.s. state department recently slammed wikileak's "pattern of irresponsible," dangerous actions.
assange: "it is my role to be the lightning rod"
1663	extreme sailing series likened to motor racing on the water.
america's cup winner ben ainslie among the star names set to compete this year.
races take place everywhere from amsterdam canals to the sydney opera house.
crashes and capsizes are all in a day's work for the competitors.
1664	chloe mccardel, 29, set-off on the 160-km (100-mile)
swim on wednesday.
she had to quit after 11 hours because of the jelly fish sting.
had planned on trip taking about 60 hours to complete.
since 2011, four unsuccessful, uncaged swims have been attempted.
mccardel: 'it's the hardest marathon swim in the entire world'
1665	big w is selling a novelty girls christmas shirt with the slogan 'nice baubles' across the front.
an outraged shopper has created a petition to have it removed from stores.
activists say that the shirt sexualises girls and could be harmful.
big w removed girls 'scratch and sniff' underwear range earlier in the year after their facebook page was filled with shocked shoppers.
1666	vijaya kumari, 48, granted bail in 1994, but unable to post rs10,000 surety.
abandoned by her husband and family, she has languished in jail since.
son kanhaiya, who was born in prison, released last year.
earned money for bail and lobbied high court in allahabad.
1667	death toll climbs to at least 181; thousands left homeless.
mayor: record-breaking 11.3 inches (288 millimeters) of rain fell in rio tuesday.
200 could be trapped following another mudslide, brazilian media report.
1668	charles and te'andrea wilson say they were asked to change venues at the last minute.
the pastor was approached by some congregants who didn't want the wedding to take place.
husband: "all we wanted.. was to be man and wife in a church that we thought we felt loved"
1669	debbie goard spends hours creating the detailed puddings.
californian baker, 45, sells each stunning cake for more than £350.
1670	the queen looked wonderful in cornflower blue as she was driven down the racecourse with the duke of york.
the countess of wessex appeared ahead of the rest of the royal family looking elegant in black.
also at ascot were jemma kidd, footballer, glen johnson and tycoon tim jefferies.
bright colour and monochrome dominate in the style stakes once more as day four of royal ascot begins.
among today's races is the queen's vase - now dedicated to late racing trainer, sir henry cecil.
1671	jason lucas revis was convicted of of lewd and lascivious molestation.
the 33-year-old, of oveido, florida, made the girl touch him inappropriately.
he was stabbed three times by the victim's mother after she saw the abuse.
1672	julia shields, 45, is facing multiple charges for driving around shooting at people, leading a police chase, and pointing her gun at an officer.
she pointed her gun out of the window at motorists as she led police on a chase.
she was arrested without incident or injury after pointing her gun at an officer.
1673	hair found by someone walking in field a mile from the site where jessica's dismembered body found.
pictures of a wooden cross have been released by police who believe it may be connected.
the colorado schoolgirl's body was found last thursday, six days after she went missing and was identified on friday.
1674	the 14-karat gold ring engraved with the communist symbols of a star and hammer and sickle was purchased by oswald in minsk in 1961.
buyer will receive five-page handwritten note from marina oswald porter laying out the history of the ring.
wedding band was returned to marine oswald, 72, last year after it had spent 50 years in the possession of a texas layer.
oswald's revolver and marine hunting knife are also up for auction along with his marine corp rifle score book.
new hampshire-based auction house rr auction will sell 30 artifacts october 24 in boston, with starting bids ranging from $200 to $2,500.
1675	jetblue plane heading to texas had been given clearance to depart.
it was rolling down the tarmac at full speed when caribbean plane landed.
jetblue pilot hit the brakes at tower's request to avoid a collision.
1676	katie webb 'took own life after enduring taunts over social networks'
friends say she was targeted by cruel internet trolls, for hair and clothes.
they took to the internet to pay tribute and condemn the bullies.
for confidential.
support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local.
samaritans branch or click here for details.
1677	nancy pfister, 57, was hit with a hard.
object that had a small, curved shape, and had been dead about 36.
hours before body was found on february 26.
first-degree murder charges have been filed against 3 people, including a couple who had rented pfister's home while she was in australia.
1678	deaths are reported in several areas.
earthquake strikes on a national holiday in the philippines.
it was centered near a town in bohol province.
there was damage in the city of cebu, a witness tells cnn.
1679	the crash killed everyone in the suv.
the driver of the gasoline tanker was seriously injured and flown to a hospital burn unit.
the 16-year-old driver ran a stop sign, authorities say.
traffic accidents are the no. 1 killer of youths in the united states.
1680	jakari pearson was sleeping in his upstairs bedroom when several shots were fired at his home on wednesday morning.
he was struck in the chest and pronounced dead at hospital.
his mother was also injured and taken to hospital.
police believe they know who is responsible for the senseless killing.
1681	mohamed naved bashir, of halifax, was wrongly imprisoned for three days.
bashir had been mistaken for a man wanted for fraud offences in scotland.
officers ignored his protests of innocence throughout his incarceration.
mistake only acknowledged when lawyer revealed 'that's not my client'
bashir is now launching legal action against west yorkshire police.
david cameron has promised to ask home secretary to look into his case.
1682	twenty-one people have died in the tragedy.
more than 40 remain in hospitals.
the german chancellor wants a thorough investigation.
1683	wearing a white t-shirt with the letter t makes men more attractive.
the top creates an illusion of a v-shaped, masculine body.
research found men who wore the top were 12 per cent more attractive.
1684	calum chambers completes uppies for autism challenge.
arsenal defender nominated by jack wilshere.
chambers nominated wojciech szczesny, danny welbeck, nathaniel clyne.
the 19-year-old joined the gunners this summer in a £12million deal.
1685	sally brown is targeting glory at rio 2016 paralympics.
she has had to work part-time at sainsbury's after her funding was cut.
brown has also had an array of injuries to overcome as she aims for brazil.
1686	four nude women painted themselves in sporting attire and posed on the red carpet at i support women in sport awards in sydney.
women's health magazine, who organised the event, has faced backlash over the decision.
many claim the inclusion of topless models sexualised female in sport and took away from the athletes in the running for awards.
gold medallist hurdler sally pearson was named sports woman of the year.
1687	gang in st louis, missouri, dragged bosnian woman from car, said: 'you're bosnian. i should just kill you now'
it comes five days after zemir begic was hammered to death in the city.
fbi called in to investigate the case as a hate crime.
1688	rebecca benson's future home will measure two metres wide, 3.6 metres long and 3.8 metres tall on completion.
built by her and her best friend, reece brenan, she aims to move into the tiny house in september.
the building duo claim that a tiny home can be built for as little as $15,000.
they used a 'three use' principle when designing and furnishing it - each object must have at least three uses before it can remain in the house.
1689	new: video obtained by ktvu shows a ball of fire erupting in front of the consulate.
video shows a person throwing what appears to be buckets of gasoline, consulate officials say.
no injuries have been reported.
"we strongly condemn this despicable attack," wang chuan, the consulate spokesman, said.
1690	'we are anxious to review the results of an investigation," radio network chief writes.
london police contact australian authorities in relation to djs' prank call to hospital.
hospital chairman slams "truly appalling" decision to air the prank call on 2day fm.
nurse jacintha saldanha was found dead after taking the prank call on catherine.
1691	lendl coached murray to his only us open victory two years ago.
czech coach left murray's team because he could not commit enough time.
murray now works with amelie mauresmo 25 weeks of the year.
british no 1 will begin his us open on monday.
1692	two russian planes flew within 500 feet of u.s. navy aircraft carrier.
that flyover is lower than others russians have made over u.s. ships this year.
u.s. aircraft tried contacting russian planes, but pilots didn't respond.
u.s. fighter jets met up with russian planes, flew with them until they left.
1693	a pentagon spokesman warns against connecting ship deployment to recent tensions.
south korea warns north of "strong response" to any attack.
u.s. deploys f-22s to south korea as part of joint military exercises.
north korea said it was entering a "state of war" with the south.
1694	the infestation has reduced villages in finghall, north yorkshire, to tears.
environmental health officers will collect and test fly paper left in village.
some residents blame local poultry farms for attracting the insects.
1695	transporting premature babies can be anxiety-provoking, gupta says.
their medical needs make them especially fragile.
emma was among patients evacuated from nyu langone medical center.
gupta says meeting emma, who is stable, gave him goose bumps.
1696	idaho-based missionaries arrested for trying to move children across haitian border.
group admits children did not have passports needed to leave country.
children from orphanages damaged in the quake, said church's web site said.
1697	obama honors farm workers' champion cesar chavez.
the 120-acre monument the first to recognize a latino born after the 1700s.
event comes as obama, romney battle for latino votes.
chavez pushed to create farmers' union, brought attention to plight of farm workers.
1698	james fox: la rampage case is typical of mass murders; like most, planned, methodical.
he says mass murderers tend to be aggrieved middle-aged men, aiming to regain 'power'
he says in dorner case, some killed were not actual targets, but cases of 'murder by proxy'
fox: assailant usually thrilled at attention, satisfaction of 'payback'
1699	young drivers more likely to die in road crash than from drugs or crime.
they make up a quarter of all those drivers killed on britain's roads.
rac: 'some will complain that these proposals limit people’s freedom.
1700	couple insist on right size nightwear and turn down offer of business class pyjamas.
argument delayed flight to melbourne by 30 minutes.
pair decided to return to los angeles airport rather than stay on the flight.
passengers 'roared' with laughter when captain informed them on reason for late take-off.
1701	the live ocd free app makes use of ocd therapy techniques.
live happy encourages positive thinking and goal-setting.
many mental health apps are free or cost less than a dollar.
1702	anhui province, china, is to ban all burials after june 1.
anyone who dies after the deadline will have to be cremated.
officials smash up coffins to drive the point home.
for confidential.
support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local.
samaritans branch or click here for details.
1703	this week's "glee" showed two teen couples -- one straight, one gay -- having sex for first time.
melissa henson says young viewers could feel that they, too, should be sexually active.
henson: never before have depictions of premarital teen sex been so common in the media.
worst thing parents can do is step aside and let hollywood do the teaching, henson says.
1704	tennessee's shonn greene had parked in a handicap parking space and was approached by a parking enforcement officer friday afternoon.
the officer wrote him a citation, but greene sped off, almost striking her vehicle.
she caught up to him in traffic and he again refused the citation.
multiple warrants were issued for his arrest and he surrendered friday evening.
1705	benito gonzales drove into front entrance and fired at least four shots.
pointed gun at deputy who returned fire, hitting him in the chest and head.
sheriff believes gonzales chose 'suicide by cop'
after receiving bad news.
1706	james cameron is hard at work on the script that will follow up 2009's "avatar"
cameron revealed that he's in new zealand writing "avatar 2" and "avatar 3"
cameron: "it's a little daunting because sequels are always tricky"
1707	man known as 'jeff' was slapped on a thailand train by a buddhist monk.
video of the incident shows him claiming to have been hit 'three times'
the english teacher, who lives in thailand, later said 'i love thailand'
1708	the search resumes, but bad weather a threat.
ships retrieved new debris saturday, but no objects linked to missing plane, australia says.
malaysian official: "i told the families i cannot give them false hope"
the search for missing flight 370 has gone on for three weeks.
1709	the wife of a sydney man fighting with isis in syria has been ordered to face court on terrorism charges.
a magistrate has rejected any further delays on fatima elomar's case.
mohamed elomar's wife was arrested trying to board a flight last may reportedly carrying cash and camouflage gear for mohamed.
it's alleged she was trying to join her husband in syria.
she will face court on february 3 for arraignment or committal.
1710	vacant homes across the country are being burglarized at a high rate.
many homes have been left empty by homeowners who cannot rent them.
atlanta police department has special team to fight the special kind of burglary.
materials like copper are being stripped from the buildings and sold by thieves.
1711	veronica valdez, 36, went in for surgery on her finger at torrance memorial medical center in october 2011.
valdez worked at the hospital for 13 years ordering surgical supplies.
anesthesiologist patrick yang admitted to cutting out a mustache and teardrops out of stickers because he thought  valdez would find it funny.
yang and the nurse's aide who took photo of unconscious valdez were suspended but kept their jobs.
1712	an masked attacker doused acid on sergei filin, causing severe burns.
state media: the bolshoi ballet's artistic director had received threatening calls.
1713	the clam - nicknamed ming - was killed when it was put in a lab freezer.
researchers say it was gathered as part of a climate change project in 2006.
clam's age initially estimated at 405 years old at first analysis in 2007.
reanalysis last week led to age being upped to 507 years.
1714	mother argued her children needed protecting from their father's blog.
estranged father blogs 'daily' and claimed she's a drug addict with stds.
court heard he also published a child's medical report and his sons' names.
judge ross duggan agreed to name change because it was 'necessary and proportionate'
'i cannot allow a situation in which the children at an older age and their friends can chance upon web-based insults to the mother,' he said.
1715	u.s. researchers have shown for the first time that youngsters who are physically active have more 'white matter' in their brains.
fitter children had greater 'brain volume' in areas associated with memory, learning and attention team at illinois university found.
new study used brain imaging to explore link between body and mental fitness in nine and 10-year-olds.
1716	residents flock to banks after limits on cash withdrawals lifted; troops patrol streets.
central bank caps maximum daily withdrawals at 500,000 zimbabwean dollars.
bank last week raise that limit to 100 million dollars ($50 u.s.) per week.
zimbabwe's inflation rate of 231 million percent is the world's highest.
1717	uk press banned from using images after prince charles issues legal threats.
'prince harry naked' was googled 68.3million times around the world.
1718	antonov-26 transport aircraft was shot down close to the russian border.
ukraine defence minister said it was flying too high for separatists' weapons.
he said the rocket was likely to have been fired from russian territory.
russian state tv claimes ukraine army crucified three-year-old boy.
kremlin threatens military strikes on neighbour.
ukraine responds by accusing russia of waging propaganda war.
government says russia is 'following in the footsteps of goebbels'
meanwhile, the kremlin has threatened military strikes on ukraine.
russia also says ukrainian jets carried out air strikes against rebels.
residents are fleeing the city of donetsk, according to reports.
rebels claim kiev has massed tanks outside the city of lugansk.
1719	manitoba canada mom kristen bartkiw got a note when her kids came home from school that said her kids' lunches weren't balanced as per canada food guide rules.
the rules say that for each item missing from the child's lunch, the parent will be fined $5.
1720	the brisbane aboriginal sovereign embassy prepared for their g20 summit protest for aboriginal rights on sunday.
their monday demonstration will come two days after a hundred anti-poverty activists peacefully lined the brisbane river on their deckchairs.
hundreds of surveillance cameras will survey brisbane airport, major roads, the cbd and even hover from police helicopters over the next week.
about 6000 police, including 1500 from interstate and new zealand, are believed will be patrolling the area until november 17.
1721	one expert's benchmarks can help you plan a mobile "diet" that won't bust your budget.
garza: an average residential smartphone user consumes about 255.5 mb per month.
consumers can't do much to control the amount of signaling traffic from their smartphones.
1722	manchester united and arsenal agree fee for striker robin van persie.
van persie was voted premier league player of the year last season.
manchester united missed out on 2011/12 title on goal difference.
dutch striker due in manchwester for a medical on thursday.
1723	dennis deleon was a human rights commissioner, long-time aids activist.
the latino commission called him a "pioneer," "tireless advocate for social justice"
commission president: "it will be a challenge to pick up the mantle dennis has left for us"
new york mayor michael bloomberg praises deleon.
1724	tracey ann orton, 42, was furious when she discovered her husband, kevin, had moved in with another woman.
defence claimed the crash was an accident.
judge mettyear gave orton six months to prove she can stay out of trouble before he passes sentence.
1725	point guard chris paul has left the new orleans hornets to join the la clippers.
eric gordon, al-farouq aminu and chris kaman head to new orleans as part of the deal.
nba commissioner had to sanction the deal as hornets are owned by the league.
1726	billboard says you can hears spears singing under track.
track is reportedly of singer/songwriter sia.
manager backtracked on saying spears sings live.
1727	supporters of uzair najib and muheeb fazeldin clashed after their fight.
brawl broke out seconds after fazeldin stopped najib in the first round.
najib said on twitter it was 'just over-passionate fans who got crazy'
1728	lois and jason tasker were told oscar's only hope was a heart transplant.
he was born with a heart defect and spent has spent his life in hospital.
his parents feared he wouldn't make it after 100 days on the transplant list.
doctors believe oscar's heart recovered after he was hooked up to an artificial organ, giving his time to repair itself.
mr tasker said it is the 'best' present his family could have asked for.
1729	trayvon martin, 17, was shot dead by george zimmerman on february 26, 2012.
zimmerman says he acted in self-defense; martin's family says the black teen was profiled.
martin's mother says she wants to ensure others don't suffer the pain she has.
"we're going to accept" a jury's verdict on the case, even if we don't like it, she adds.
1730	stuart kerner, 44, found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child.
court heard teenage schoolgirl crush turned into an illicit 18-month affair.
kerner took her virginity the same week his wife miscarried, court was told.
his wife screamed as the jury delivered its verdict - kerner now faces jail.
he was found not guilty of four counts of sexual activity with a child.
1731	lance armstrong's one-of-a-kind bicycle stolen from team truck in california.
four bicycles stolen from truck armstrong's astana team parked behind hotel.
cancer survivor armstrong is currently fifth overall in amgen tour of california.
armstrong won the tour de france a record seven times from 1999-2005.
1732	chrysler recalls 868,000 jeep grand cherokee and dodge durango suvs vehicles.
it has to do with a fault related to the brakes.
the company knows of one accident but no injuries tied to the problem.
last year, chrysler reluctantly recalled 3.2 million vehicles.
1733	investment bank was accused of being ‘oblivious’ to public opinion.
wall street giant cemented position as world’s most generous big bank.
the bank, which employs 6,000 people in london, confirmed its 34,000 staff around the world received an average package of £246,000.
but the figure represents a pay cut as £248,000 was the average in 2013.
1734	australian cricket captain michael clarke has arrived in macksville on monday to help the hughes family prepare for wednesday's funeral.
phillip hughes died last week after the head injury suffered when hit playing for south australia against nsw.
australia's parliament paused for a condolence motion as a mark of respect on monday afternoon.
adelaide is now set to host for the first test versus india rather than brisbane.
the brisbane match could become 2nd test before the melbourne boxing day test and sydney's traditional new year's test match delayed.
1735	yasir, 15, trained with isis in syria.
he had military training and religious indoctrination.
his father helped him escape into turkey.
but now yasir is torn between school and returning to isis.
1736	eagle scout zach wahls was made famous in public appeal to iowa lawmakers in defence of his own lesbian mothers.
brings petition to boys scout leadership on behalf of jennifer tyrrell, an ex-den leader ousted from her petition because she's gay.
bsa says they won't change their policies.
1737	detective mario muniz, 45, a married father from queens, left bellevue hospital on wednesday in a wheelchair.
detective muniz, who was recently promoted, said: 'thank you to the hospital, the nypd, my family. i feel great'
he was injured during a shootout in the west village on monday with pedophile charles mozdir.
1738	us president's intervention comes just one day before the referendum.
up to 350,000 voters undecided amid concerns over membership of nato.
obama said us 'has a deep interest' in keeping the united kingdom together.
the president said he wanted the uk to remain 'strong, robust, united'
bill clinton said he hopes scotland will 'vote to remain part of uk'
1739	the star, 24, crashed car on route 466 in california later the same day.
was on way to race at time with mechanic and friend rolf wutherich.
dean became screen legend despite starring in just three movies.
1740	one deported honduran woman says she may head back to the united states.
40 people were deported from the united states to honduras on monday.
it's part of stepped-up u.s. efforts to send recent undocumented immigrants back.
honduran first lady says devastated families are returning empty-handed.
1741	state announces snake hunt winners.
state offered prizes up to $1,500 for the most burmese pythons harvested.
florida estimates up to 100,000 pythons live in the everglades.
1742	tv presenter and mother-of-one, 51, is still a svelte size 10.
was never confident enough in her 20s to bare her midriff.
worries about the social pressures on her daughter jessica to stay trim.
1743	study carried out at max planck institute for human development in berlin.
half of women tested were told to play super mario 64 for two months.
their map-reading skills were improved and they had more grey matter.
1744	sophie maxwell has hypoplastic left heart syndrome - a congenital heart condition that leaves the heart’s left ventricle.
severely underdeveloped.
she had open heart surgery when she was just five days old.
she was allowed home with her parents when she was five weeks old.
will need two more heart operations and might need a transplant.
1745	migrant workers and security forces clash over the weekend in southern china.
the protest in zengcheng is the latest in a series of disturbances across china.
china's government, fearing arab spring-style movements, is cracking down.
1746	wigan athletic winger james mcclean refused to wear a poppy during his side's championship encounter against bolton on friday.
mcclean believes the poppy 'has come to mean something very different'
the irishman did not wear a poppy while playing for sunderland in 2012.
1747	madonna says her new project is one of the biggest things she's ever done.
her "art for freedom" project is inviting the world to share their thoughts on the concept.
the singer has very personal reasons for reaching out.
1748	jack cheng: i live my life in the open, i'm ok with websites and services tracking me.
cheng: the revelation that the government has been snooping on calls is not a shocker.
he says while young people share everything, privacy is not dead; it's different.
cheng: privacy is contingent on what services we choose to use and how we use them.
1749	jan berenstain authored and illustrated "the berenstain bears" books with her husband.
"the berenstain bears" books have been in publication for 50 years.
the children's books were made into a popular tv series on pbs.
1750	ana hernandez, 32, died in june 2012 from a painkiller overdose.
she lived with her fiancé darren stott in barnburgh, yorkshire.
it was suggested that miss hernandez was poisoned.
but an inquest into her death today returned an open verdict.
the coroner said she considered a verdict of unlawful killing, but that there was too little evidence.
1751	alleged assault on soap actor saw his ex spend valentine's day in custody.
star has two-year-old girl with ex-lover rachel sidwell.
1752	east winch wildlife centre has reached ful capacity after so many seal pups swept ashore.
some pups are less than three weeks old and in need of constant care.
staff strugg;ing to cope with numbers, prompting rspca to launch urgent appeal.
to donate to the rspca’s appeal, text seal01 followed by how much you would like to donate to 70070.
1753	'rebels' from unspecified group clashed with guards according to source.
troops have been ambushed by drug smugglers at the border in the past.
reports from iran do not mention whether hanged men had a recent trial.
1754	patrice, 29, began eating bricks when she was 17 and admits that, once she started she 'just couldn't stop'
linda, 56, married 'bruce', a 70-ton carnival ride, three years ago and enjoys an 'intimate' relationship with the machine.
carolyn 29, claims to be obsessed with pamela anderson and has spent $40,000 on procedures to look more like the actress.
1755	prime minister urges a return to imperial measurements in the classroom.
insists he is a 'modern compassionate conservative' during media blitz.
reveals he has still not apologised to the queen over 'purring' remarks.
hails boris as a 'star' on his 'team of leaders' with may and osborne.
gp surgeries to open 7 days-a-week, from 8am to 8pm, under tory plan.
1756	matt and kelly gamblin's red velvet wedding cake was demolished by a dog.
newlyweds thought it had been ruined in transit to skipwith hall, yorkshire.
but a trail of muddy paw prints and dog hairs alerted them to canine thief.
the cake had been lovingly made by the bride's grandfather, richard varley.
it is believed to have been eaten by a black labrador seen sniffing around.
a consolation cake was bought for them from a nearby supermarket.
1757	michael west claimed wife bangon had been using him as a 'walking atm'
pushed her against fridge, grabbed her hair and threatened her with knife.
admitted violent harassment and possessing a knife in a public place.
1758	northern irishamn holds a four-shot halfway lead at royal liverpool.
poor weather forecast has led to first two-tee start in event's history.
he banished freak friday issue but met a pheasant out on the course.
now the open favourite must cope with the weather for first win.
1759	civilians flee north waziristan as planes strike militants.
60,000 flee, reports a u.n.-supported news agency.
the government says schools will available to shelter civilians.
seven people killed when gunmen opened fire.
1760	jodee blanco was so bullied at school, she has dedicated her life to stamping it out.
blanco asks why it takes tragedy like phoebe prince's suicide to get attention.
millions of students are suffering, crying out for help but unheard, she writes.
blanco says jeers, whispers, shoves hurt someone for life and offers ways to stop it.
1761	warning: graphic content.
man named only as mr ho had lucky escape after metal bar impaled his head.
was dismantling property in leye county, guangxi province when bar fell.
it impaled the right side of his forehead and exited through left side of jaw.
inch-thick metal spear narrowly missed his brain and and left eye socket.
miraculously mr ho survived the dramatic injury and will make full recovery.
1762	kurds have taken control of strategic syrian city of kobani, sources say.
official calls for humanitarian corridor for refugees, who "need everything"
the fighters have been battling isis since october for control of the city.
1763	tiger woods aiming to win his 15th major title when he takes part in open.
woods returned to action last month following back surgery on march 31.
woods practices at hoylake after missing cut for scottish open.
1764	luxury 14-bedroom penthouse is at the top of 50 un plaza and will be completed by the end of next year.
1765	billy ray harris kept the ring safe after a woman mistakenly dropped it.
sarah darling and her husband setup a fundraising page for harris.
website raised $180,000 enabling harris to buy a house and to get a job.
publicity about harris' good deed helped his sister to reconnect with him.
harris and his siblings reunited in emotional meeting live on tv.
1766	bonnaroo will bring more than 80,000 people to manchester, tennessee.
the festival becomes a unique destination with a comedy theater, cinema and more.
ben and jerry's created bonnaroo buzz, a light coffee and malt ice cream.
1767	karen williamson battered widow with a hammer and a glass jug, court hears.
it is alleged she admitted killing the pensioner to a neighbour.
1768	mit scientists used high speed cameras to study water drops hitting soil.
air trapped under droplets produce tiny bubbles that burst out of the water.
light and moderate rain produced the most aerosols in sandy and clay soil.
aromatic oils and dust from the soil can be trapped inside the aerosols.
these can then be carried away by the wind in front of approaching storms.
the scientists say the mechanism might also spread bacteria from soil.
1769	taylor wimpey wants to build 74 homes nearby.
1770	president of the supreme court says judges too keen to follow strasbourg.
claims judges beginning to see this is not always appropriate.
'we should be more ready not to follow strasbourg chamber decisions'
1771	cristiano ronaldo helped real madrid win the club world cup in morocco.
he is enjoying la liga's winter break with real's next game on january 4.
ronaldo posted an image of himself wearing face paint on instagram.
the portuguese star is enjoying christmas with girlfriend irina shayk.
read: ronaldo wins same eight trophies with man utd and real madrid.
1772	police forces have spent £646,000 on touch-screen computers since 2009.
the 1,876-strong collection includes more than 1,000 ipads, and also exotic, super-tough computers costing more than £2,000 each.
data was obtained by mailonline under freedom of information laws.
tax campaigners have urged caution, but forces say tablets are the future of policing and enable officers to be more mobile and effective.
1773	anaika st. louis dies after being rescued.
she had been trapped in the rubble for 48 hours days.
cnn crew meets girl while rescue was underway, gives her water, food.
family buries girl known as the "little lawyer" on friday.
1774	la liga side granada weighing up move for venezuela international.
amorebieta arrived on a bosman transfer after leaving athletic bilbao.
malaga have also shown an interest in the 29-year-old.
1775	denning admitted 29 charges of indecent assault and gross indecency.
he was one of the station's original 1967 line-up of djs.
denning was  arrested as part of operation yewtree in june last year.
the 73-year-old from essex has denied 12 other sex offences.
1776	accident occurred 1:20 p.m. friday at rocky mountain national park.
eight injured trail ridge road.
one woman died and two were hospitalized.
1777	wildlife photographer jim lawrence was out looking to photograph bears.
after curiously inspecting his tripod, a grizzly bear pulled himself up.
the image of the bear standing perfectly poised became viral sensation.
1778	swimmer wants to symbolically link every continent.
limbs amputated after 20,000 volt accident.
gutsy dad has already swam across the channel.
now plans to swim between asia and africa.
1779	pakistan has one of the highest rates of tax evasion in the world.
those who do pay tax pay as little as $130 a year.
amnesty proposed in a bid to draw people into the tax net.
pakistan's budget deficit currently runs as high as $17 billion.
1780	alexis smith lingerie available in cup size d and up.
former towie star models new range.
1781	matias duarte said making world more 'tangible' is next step.
team also working on google's glass wearable computer.
computers must work 'as people expect not the other way round'
1782	photos emerge showing conditions onboard blue sky m migrant ship.
they show 796 migrants packed together in squalor on the metal floor.
one photographer, a syrian man, paid £11,000 for himself and his wife.
1783	simon walsh caught with collection of 'grossly offensive' photos, court told.
some images showed extreme acts 'likely to cause serious injury', jury heard.
walsh, 49, was sacked by london mayor after being charged.
admits to having 'strange sex life', but denies images were extreme porn.
in legal first, his solicitor given permission to send live tweets through trial.
password for email account was 'scat', a term for use of excrement in sex.
charged with five counts of possessing extreme.
porn image and one of possessing indecent picture of a child.
1784	the clutch bag decorated with 345 diamonds and 18ct gold clasps.
took team of goldsmiths and diamond setters 100 hours to create.
inspiration drawn from buckingham palace gates.
1785	a third of well-off parents have moved home to an new area for a school.
others break the law by setting up fake addresses in catchment areas.
sutton trust calls for reforms to make access to good schools fairer.
1786	former miss newcastle has teamed up with online retailer lasula.
the 22-year-old says girls are criticised for dressing provocatively.
the 45 piece collection includes jumpsuits, jackets and co-ords.
marnie was an outsider in series 7 because of her understated style.
the budding designer says the range is for transitioning from day to night.
1787	new images from a space telescope allow scientists to map how the universe evolved.
planck space telescope shows with better-than-ever precision first light of universe.
the light is technically from 380,000 years after the big bang.
new data suggest universe is 100 million years older than scientists thought.
1788	mark lakinski was called out to patient eight minutes before his shift ended.
instead of taking the man to hospital he took him to an ambulance station.
lakinski then went home, leaving colleagues to take patient to hospital.
while on the way man stopped breathing, had a heart attack and later died.
1789	manassas, virginia high school student trey simms could face prison time and be labeled a sex offender for life.
he was charged with two felonies for manufacturing and distributing child porn in january after his girlfriend allegedly sent him nude photos.
the teen allegedly sent back explicit video that police compared to pictures they took of his genitals.
simms says police want to collect more evidence, most notably pictures of him in an aroused state.
1790	thirteen killed amid violent clashes between police and islamist protesters.
molatov cocktails and rocks hurled amid violence across the country.
a student is among 'unarmed' protestors who have been shot dead.
muslim brotherhood fight against removal of president mohammed morsi.
'terrorist' organisation has been target of government smear campaigns.
referendum over new 'secular' constitution to take place this month.
1791	todd horsfield died after accidentally getting caught in a makeshift swing.
described as a 'happy young boy' who enjoyed his family and school.
the youngster was feeling 'proud' after being named star pupil of the day.
he was tragically found hanged in his room by his sister later that evening.
assistant coroner 'completely discounted' any idea todd had taken his life.
1792	a four-strong team of gardeners abseil down the 250ft cliff face at st michael's mount to tend the plants.
the 'extreme weeding' takes place three times each year to ensure the walls of the medieval castle are kept clear.
head gardener lottie allen said abseiling has become an important skill to complete strimming and planting.
spectacular castle on south cornwall coast dates from the 12th century and is cared for by the national trust.
1793	air waveguide could be used to improve light signals from distant sources.
guide is a ‘wall’ of low-density air surrounding a core of higher density air.
it works like an optical fibre, guiding beams of light over long distance.
this could improve laser communications and help detect pollution in air.
technology could also be used to communicate with colonies on mars.
1794	'i took it upon myself to be giving and helping,' andrew anderson said.
goodwill claims teen cost store $4,000.
goodwill drops charges, job termination still in effect.
1795	benjamin knight, of eaton rapids, michigan, was arrested for alleged child porn distribution.
images were found on his home computer by police after he showed video to a fellow customer at an adult store in battle creek.
1796	sam allardyce cupped his ear in an act of defiance to boo-boys last season.
west ham boss was responding to jeers after unconvincing win over hull.
the hammers have been a different proposition this season and sit eighth.
1797	ed rollins says president obama's speech made all the key points.
he says the most important thing is that obama follow up with action.
rollins: americans want to know if obama is tough enough to deal with this crisis.
he says key test will come when obama meets with bp executives.
1798	paul mountain of darwen, lancashire, broke into a shed in the town.
the 38-year-old's dna was found inside the teddy bear at the scene.
he told police he was coming down off amphetamine and needed relief.
1799	google has appointed lawyers to work with developers on new products.
for the first time, google canned a finished project due to privacy concerns.
the product would have used facial recognition to find out who someone is.
1800	steven democker, 59, beat ex-wife virginia carol kennedy so badly her skull was shattered.
golf club determined as the murder weapon.
prosecution said he was after her $750,000 life insurance policy to clear debts.
facing life in prison.
1801	hoh tribe of washington state weary of constant flooding.
several homes have been abandoned, other structures have permanent sandbags.
tribe will move most of reservation to higher ground, new land has been purchased.
1802	galatasaray were beaten 2-0 by anderlecht guaranteeing them fourth spot.
turkish club will not even enter the europa league after finishing bottom.
prandelli took over  after a disappointing world cup in charge of italy.
the italian has now been dismissed after just four months.
1803	redmond o'neal spoke to cnn after first visit to mom's grave.
farrah fawcett's son got pass from rehab for death anniversary.
ryan o'neal: son's doing 'extremely well' in drug rehab.
farrah fawcett foundation funds cancer research.
1804	terry brown accused of rape after lisa-jayne samuels made false claim.
mr brown spent more than a year on bail until samuels admitted lying.
he was attacked by a vigilante mob and his home was targeted with graffiti.
mr brown and his partner, then pregnant, were confronted by gang in street.
his partner tracey choularton fled and fell, and later miscarried their child.
mr brown said he has felt like a prisoner and was forced to flee basildon.
samuels was jailed for 20 months for perverting the course of justice.
1805	government sets out detail of david cameron's surprise pledge to ensure home owners are on the lowest tariff.
firms will be allowed just four tariffs each, and must put customers on the one which will cost them the least.
critics warn the move could end cheap deals.
seven in ten households pay over the odds for power – some by as much as £300 a year.
labour accuses pm of 'pulling wool over people's eyes'
1806	jazmena jameson is a former transsexual prostitute.
she allegedly had one sexual encounter with simpson, 67, in his cell at lovelock correctional center in nevada in 2013.
claims she gave the disgraced nfl player 'oral sex'
described herself as 'the closest thing to a woman' in the prison.
in a new interview jameson says simpson may have contracted hiv from her during the act.
simpson is serving 33 years for a bungled las vegas robbery in 2007.
a new tv series from american horror story creator ryan murphy will cover simpson's 1995 murder trial and acquittal.
1807	norad jets escort the plane to airport in mount airy, north carolina.
u.s. capitol, the library of congress and the supreme court evacuated, police said.
the evacuation was ordered after authorities were unable to immediately contact the pilot.
the faa is looking into why the pilot entered restricted airspace without authorization.
1808	photographs capture the beauty in some of the world's most desolate and abandoned places.
simacem village in north sumatra indonesia was left for dead after its people were evacuated following the eruption of the volcano.
naval station subic bay used to be one of the largest us military bases outside the american mainland, but is now only crumbling ruins remain.
in the deserted town of epecuen, argentina, a cross lies broken on a tomb.
1809	"we're going to proceed," speaker boehner says.
the house rules committee sets the procedure for thursday's debate.
the house is scheduled to vote on holding attorney general holder in contempt.
at issue is whether holder complied with a subpoena from congressional investigators.
1810	star of fawlty towers - prunella scales - suffers from alzheimer's.
in a new series channel 4 documents the couples journey on a canal boat.
the documentary reveals the couple's struggle with prunella's alzheimer's.
great canal journeys will start on monday, 9pm, on more4.
1811	food fight took inspiration from la tomantina festival near valencia.
revellers paid £12 to take part in tomato fight in aide of farmers.
organisers said russian eu boycott has affected agriculture industry.
1812	pamela anderson becomes joint owner of a racing team.
former baywatch star is fronting the race alliance fia gt series team.
vitantonio liuzzi and mathias lauda drive for the team.
nine-time rally world champion sebastian loeb runs a competing team.
1813	human rights watch: mass rapes occurred over a 36-hour period last october.
a sudanese official rejects the claim as unfounded and illogical.
a u.s. ambassador blasts sudan for "shamefully" denying un access for a full investigation.
1814	bobby hogg was 92.
the dialect, known as cromarty fisherfolk, dies with him.
"a little bit of color in our lives is gone," linguist says.
1815	father says he doesn't want quarantined boy to know that he's scared.
expert: it's "hair raising" quarantined people weren't told more.
partner of man with ebola says "we can't wait" for quarantine to end.
judge wants to see quarantined family "moved to better living conditions"
1816	ac milan player had refused to acknowledge that pia was his child.
his ex girlfriend showgirl raffaella fico had confirmed he was her father.
the two fought out a bitter and public battle in the italian media.
dna test proved balotelli was the child's biological father.
1817	alexis sanchez has been brilliant for arsenal this season but if you put any decent player in that side they will look good.
calls for sanchez or cesc fabregas to get player of the year are nonsense.
wayne rooney has performed brilliantly under pressure so far this season.
he must be given award after captaining england and manchester united.
rooney has helped youngsters bed in and could lead united into top four.
1818	ayesha durgahee, from cnn's business traveller, lists her travel essentials.
she always takes a cardigan, ipad and her own headphones when she travels.
she always takes her digital camera, to take photos from the plane window.
1819	7-2 ruling, upheld kentucky's use of lethal injection "cocktail" is constitutional.
high court said method -- used in some 35 states -- is not "cruel or unusual"
the immediate impact of ruling is that it will allow states to resume executions.
recent lethal injection executions in florida and ohio had technical problems.
1820	raymond curtis smith shot and wounded robin smith at her home before shooting dead her father michael, 50, and brother dustin, 21.
he then drove 10 miles to a cemetery and shot himself dead.
robin smith is in critical condition in hospital.
raymond smith was knox county judge executive from 2003 until 2007 but later served two years in prison for mail fraud while in the role.
1821	the cpsc is suing the makers of buckyballs and buckycubes.
millions of the high-powered magnets have been sold, the company says.
it's an unusual move: the cpsc last sued a company 11 years ago.
the magnets can cause holes in the intestines if ingested.
1822	jetblue flight 671 took off from westchester county airport in white plains at 9:05 a.m. en route to palm beach international airport in florida.
about 25 minutes after take off, the airbus a320 collided with the bird.
with 142 passengers on board, the pilots declared an emergency and decided to divert the flight to jfk as a precaution.
the plane safely landed there around 9:55 a.m., with no injuries.
1823	jamala wildlife lodge at the national zoo and aquarium in canberra has opened its door this week.
the unique experience offers  a taste of africa in the heart of australia.
the accommodation is built around the habitats of many of the zoo's animals, including lions, tigers, and bears.
guests can stay in rooms which range from giraffe treehouses to jungle bungalows.
the all-inclusive package includes three-course meal eaten in view of the zoo's animals.
the zoo's owner said that the proceeds will go back into funding the zoo's breeding program.
1824	taylor lianne chandler claims to have dated us swimmer michael phelps.
she was born an 'intersex' - with male genitalia but no testicles, and a uterus but no ovaries.
she began taking testosterone blockers as a teenager and had corrective surgery in her early twenties to get rid of her male genitalia.
chandler claims that phelps approached her on dating app tinder.
they began a romance during which they had sex several times, she says.
1825	rudy gestede reacted angrily to fans at end of 1-1 draw at middlesbrough.
blackburn rovers striker scored five minutes into added time.
fa already investigating incident at riverside stadium.
1826	sgt. sean murphy will face a hearing tuesday, massachusetts state police spokesman said.
he was suspended for releasing unauthorized photos of alleged boston bomber hunt and arrest.
boston magazine published images in stark contrast to controversial rolling stone cover.
1827	caroline wozniacki and vera zvonareva lose in second round at sydney international.
top two seeds beaten by dominika cibulkova and flavia pennetta respectively.
kim clijsters is highest-ranked player left in draw; could overtake zvonareva as no. 2.
winning starts for argentina's david nalbandian and juan martin del potro.
1828	chris grayling announced a ban on repeat offenders being given cautions.
those let off lightly since 2011 include 1,500 who committed assault.
750 drug offenders and 700 guilty of criminal damage were also cautioned.
police backed the changes, saying the current system is 'too complicated'
1829	fernando alonso set to leave ferrari after five seasons.
sebastian vettel seems set to join ferrari next season.
spanish driver alonso has said it is unlikely he will drive for mercedes.
mclaren appear to be the likeliest option for alonso.
1830	there's no 'pent-up desire' for someone to call madame president, says the minnesota conservative firebrand.
after running for president in 2012, bachmann now says the u.s. isn't 'ready' for a female chief executive.
she says president obama leveraged historical 'guilt' over civil-rights abuses in order to get elected.
but 'people don't hold guilt for a woman,' she insists.
bachmann, the only gop woman in the 2012 race, flamed out after news reports exposed the severe migraines that kept her out of action for days.
1831	swimmer tim reddish took part in clinical trials of the tiny 3mm implant.
degenerative disease began to rob him of his sight at the age of 31.
he likens moment implant was turned on to 'a match being lit in the dark'
it works by detecting light then electrically stimulating the optic nerve.
trials judged a success in results published by academics today.
1832	gary rogers, 43, was put into a medically-induced coma after suffering cardiac arrest in turkey.
he didn't recognise his wife linda and daughters olivia, 18, and lilly, 15, when he woke up.
he forgot christmas day by december 26 last year but his memory has improved since.
1833	friend discovered the body of sandra lertzman on monday evening.
one puppy escaped from the car and is being cared for by family.
for confidential support call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or see www.samaritans.org.
for confidential support in the u.s., call the national suicide prevention line on 1-800-273-825.
1834	daniel rye ottosen was held for 13 months by isis fanatics in syrian desert.
kept captive with beheaded hostages james foley and steven sotloff.
he 'still struggles to make sense of the violence he has experienced'
but now faces debt of up to 1million danish kroner after paying ransom.
and britain says he has broken the law by handing over cash for freedom.
1835	it could result in a gigantic coronal mass ejection, which would blast the earth with radiation and possibly knock-out power lines and disrupt satellites.
1836	ms knox was acquitted of 2007 murder of her roommate meredith kercher.
she had already served four years behind bars in italian prison.
a retrial of the case begins in 10 days, but knox has vowed not to return.
she appeared on itv's daybreak this morning in her only british interview.
the 26-year-old says she will take a lie detector test to prove her innocence.
1837	sebastian john had only been in algeria a week and was on a bp training course.
he died in the siege at the desert facility, which was overrun by jihadists.
mr john is the fourth british victim to be named.
1838	europe is a tapestry. dense, colorful and deserving of continued longevity and prosperity, writes trump.
trump says he has long been a believer in the "look at the solution, not the problem" theory.
the future of europe, as well as the united states, depends on a cohesive global economy.
1839	pope francis listened as the vatican's official preacher condemned excessive salaries and financial greed.
it is one of the only times in the year when pope francis is not leading the religious services.
good friday is the only day in the roman catholic calendar when no mass is celebrated.
instead, the congregation listen to the passion of the lord noting the final hours leading to jesus' crucifixion.
1840	sgt. andrew tahmooressi, 25, was headed to dinner in san ysidro.
instead, marine claims he missed the exit and wound up in tijuana.
secretary of state john kerry has been called on to help secure his release.
1841	craig cantwell barricaded the care worker in the medication room, threatening to kill her before telling her he was aroused.
she locked herself in an adjoining bathroom but cantwell started to smash a hole in the wall in a bid to reach her.
she jumped from the window breaking two vertebrae in her spine but managed to hail two milkmen for help.
cantwell denied inflicting grievous bodily harm, affray and committing an offence with intent to commit a sexual offence but was convicted after trial.
1842	suni faith anderson jailed for up to 15 years.
victim's mother stood up and blasted suni in court.
1843	couples can  tie the knot in the former crown court featured on hit period drama downton abbey.
season five of the popular period drama begins on sunday.
the court in surrey was where the trial of valet mr bates was filmed.
the same room has featured on shows such as poirot and eastenders.
1844	the pm is facing calls to ban scottish mps from voting on 'english' laws.
comes after westminster parties agreed to hand holyrood new powers.
in event of a 'no' vote, edinburgh will get control over tax and welfare.
scotland's 59 mps will still be allowed to vote on laws only affecting england.
tory mps want a new 'english parliament' in the house of commons.
1845	suzanne venker's opinion article on a supposed "war on men" ruffled feathers this week.
sociologist michael kimmel counters that efforts at social equality are not a war on men.
men are accustomed to social dominance, kimmel says, but society is evolving for the better.
a sense of entitlement may lead some men to sulk when women succeed, he says.
1846	library of fragrance run of mark crames who started company in 1996.
produce total of 101 scents including moonbeam, holy water and pizza.
now 28 of the scents to launch in boots stores on tuesday.
it's the first time the range is available in the uk, and prices start at £15.
1847	hopeful romantics from new york's finest pictured posing in their uniforms next to squad cars and motorbikes.
u.s. marines and new york city firemen also posting pictures in uniform.
1848	rydinghurst, near cranleigh, surrey, has 200 acres complete with lakes, formal gardens and riding school.
beatles drummer bought grade-ii listed jacobean mansion with his wife barbara bach in 1999 for £2million.
17th century property boasts its own cinema, entrance lodge, cottage, coach house, indoor pool and gym.
rydinghurst also features paddock, helipad and stables on top of six bedrooms and six reception rooms.
1849	fossil fuels 'must be phased out by 2100', a report by the un has warned.
continuing to use them will have 'severe and irreversible' impacts on world.
the un urged governments to cut carbon dioxide emissions even further.
but critics say phasing out fossil fuels too early would be disastrous.
mp says move could return uk to 'pre-industrial revolution living standards'
1850	16-year-old anthony burruto throws an 80 mph fastball.
"the coach gave me the excuse that i can't cover bunts," burruto says.
"oh, my god! are you serious?"
1851	an interactive twitter transparency map plots the number of content removal requests from governments globally.
it is based on the site's annual report and shows turkey filed 477 requests between july and december.
this represents an increase of more than 150% compared to the first six months of 2014.
russia and germany followed with 91 and 43 requests respectively and overall requests were up 40% globally.
the us was in fifth place, with a 29 per cent increase in requests, but none of the 32 attempts were withheld.
meanwhile, the uk was in seventh place with 22 requests for removal - all of which were denied.
twitter filed its first transparency report in 2012 designed to 'shine a light on government requests for information'
1852	artwork famously stolen from museum in 1990 by men dressed as boston police officers on st patrick's day.
took paintings and sketches from masters like manet, rembrandt, degas, and vermeer; in all, 13 works stolen.
fbi announced 23 years to the day that they had identified the thieves but did not publicly name them.
1853	dr john king described as the 'perfect gp' who invested time in his patients.
became severely depressed after son michael diagnosed with renal failure.
ten days before son due to have kidney transplant dr king hanged himself.
discovered in the family home in congleton, cheshire, by wife pamela.
coroner ruled verdict of suicide at inquest into dr king's death.
1854	nani moves back to old club as part of united's deal to sign marcos rojo.
portuguese winger had fallen out of favour at old trafford.
nani scored just one goal during 2013-14 campaign for united.
sir alex ferguson signed nani from sporting lisbon in 2007.
1855	new: uk government confirms it is stepping up aviation security measures.
homeland security imposing enhanced security measures at certain overseas airports.
passengers could see added shoe inspections, closer explosives screening.
the steps are related to new intelligence on terror groups and bomb making.
1856	referees stepped in to separate the two teams before things escalated.
the video shows the players standing just centimetres from each other during the pre-match haka.
new zealand beat australia 15-14 in auckland on saturday night.
1857	catholic bishops condemned bbc's wolf hall as inaccurate and ‘perverse’
they claim it paints twisted picture of thomas more, english catholic saint.
tudor drama has received rave reviews but baffled some with complex plot.
1858	two stewardesses filmed climbing into bathtub and stripping off uniforms.
video has now been watched more than 100,000 times on youtube.
ba is investigating in an attempt to find out the women's identities.
1859	watching reruns can increase your self control according to research from the university of buffalo.
1860	the constance moofushi resort is an all-inclusive maldivian retreat.
activities including scuba diving and yoga are included as part of the deal.
1861	the bus got into an accident with a pick-up truck early thursday.
spokeswoman: 17 students were transported to a hospital with injuries that weren't serious.
the truck's driver did have serious injuries and was airlifted to an atlanta hospital.
1862	three buses carrying 140 undocumented migrants turn around after protestors block road in murrieta, california.
homeland security planned to process them in the town, 60 miles from san diego.
they were flown in from texas to ease the pressure on the state after tens of thousands of migrants flooded the border.
protestors waved american flags and were backed by the town's mayor.
mayor alan long has warned his citizens to expect busloads of people every 72 hours for the next several weeks.
the pro-tem mayor harry ramos warned the protests may occur every time a new busloads of immigrants are processed through border patrol.
1863	iphone went on sale june 29, 2007, when nokia and blackberry ruled the phone world.
despite its hefty price tag ($600 for the basic model), the iphone was an immediate hit.
the phone helped pioneer touchscreen interfaces, mobile apps, smartphone addiction.
1864	there are no federal sterility guidelines for compounding pharmacies.
the fda has no jurisdiction until there is a problem.
two lawmakers are introducing legislation to strengthen the fda's oversight.
12 people have died in a meningitis outbreak linked to a steroid.
1865	u.s. scientist: cesium levels in fish point to ongoing source of contamination.
the source could be from the seabed or from ongoing leaks from the damaged plant.
ken buesseler studied thousands of japanese catch reports for his study.
1866	there are currently 11 australian federal police officers at the crash site and more will be deployed to ukraine.
prime minister tony abbott says police are expected to stay for the dutch-led humanitarian mission for two to three weeks.
he says the mission has 'absolutely nothing' to do with the politics of eastern europe.
1867	avonte oquendo, 14, has been missing since october 4.
source says bloodhounds initially traced his scent to a marshy area.
a previous notion that avonte did not like water may not be correct, source says.
1868	mark sansom, jamie millar and  david morton work at men's health.
magazine.
juggled job and family commitments to get.
into best shape of their lives.
david, 31, shed 2st, dropped 3in off his waist and halved his body fat.
jamie, 30, lost 7kg of fat while adding 7kg of muscle.
mark, 29, added 10cm to chest, lost 11kg.
of fat and has 19in biceps.
1869	the u.s. firm, which has 25m members worldwide, could pose a real threat to the revenue of satellite and cable pay tv services such as sky and virgin.
move as company loses 800,000 u.s. subscribers.
1870	ron hands made to wait most of the night to be treated after he feared he was suffering from a stroke.
hospital staff had attended a number of drunk patients before seeing to mr hands.
the charity worker has raised over £100,000 for the hospital which had treated his wife before she died of pancreatic cancer.
1871	nancy stowe witnessed her son and grandson being robbed at a gas station in gastonia, north carolina, on thursday night.
retired police officer got out of the car and approached the two thugs.
she stood between them, told them to stop and that she called 911.
robbers fled.
stowe was trained in belmont in the 1970s.
1872	the victorian government faces scrutiny for recruiting dr sonia sharp, who has been linked to the child abuse scandal in northern england.
over a 16 year period, 1,400 girls were left to be abused by asian men because the authorities were scared being labelled racist.
deputy secretary of victoria's education department dr sonia sharp, was director of children's services in rotherham at the time.
the victorian government defends dr sharp, insisting she has assisted in the improvement of the victorian government.
staff.
were given ‘clear directions’ from managers to downplay the ‘ethnic.
dimension’ of the abuse despite almost all the perpetrators being of.
pakistani heritage;.
three.
separate reports warning of the scale of the abuse were ‘suppressed or.
ignored’ by the council because it was ‘in denial’ about the crimes;.
serious.
discussions about sexual abuse were impossible because of the ‘macho’
and ‘sexist’ culture at the labour-controlled council;.
police treated victims and their families as if they were to blame for the abuse, and took no action against the paedophiles;.
the.
victims were left so traumatised that one tried to throw herself in.
front of moving cars and another said she ‘might as well be dead.
1873	doreen and neville lawrence trying to gather strength to mark killing.
she will attend london memorial, he will take flowers to jamaica grave.
stephen was stabbed to death at bus stop in eltham, london, in 1993.
last year gary dobson and david norris were jailed for role in murder.
but three other prime suspects in case still continue to evade justice.
1874	band-e-amir lakes in afghanistan regularly attract travelers.
colombia's improving security situation has doubled its annual influx of tourists in recent years.
congo's virunga national park is closed to visitors, but contains world's largest lava lake.
1875	justin mcgee of duncan, oklahoma died in agony in november after a suspected case of krokodil overdose.
oklahoma bureau of narcotics is trying to determine if 'krokodil' was involved in the deaths of mcgee, a father of four, and an unidentified friend.
suspected krokodil use has been noted from utah to illinois and attempts to sell it in manhattan have also been reported.
1876	website shows rows of women stitching black headscarves in factory.
posted by 'mandate of nineveh' office, which has links to terror group isis.
group has previously distributed images of public executions by isis.
under strict sharia law women must wear hijabs, niqabs, cloaks and gloves.
children pictured playing in the warehouse while the women are working.
1877	private cameron laing was taking part in military exercise on dartmoor.
he was struck by uncoupled trailer and pinned against its towing vehicle.
he suffered head injury and cardiac arrest following accident on tuesday.
today, family said soldier was expecting baby boy, also named cameron.
pte laing served with 7 theatre logistic regiment royal logistic corps.
1878	on ktla this morning, anchor sam rubin asked jackson, who was appearing on the show from atlanta to discuss his new movie 'robocop', about his recent super bowl commercial.
but the actor didn't do a super bowl spot this year - laurence fishburne did.
livid, jackson suggested rubin was being racist, shouting, 'we don't all look alike', referring to black actors.
all the while, rubin scrambles, desperately trying to apologize and jokingly shrug off his offensive blunder.
1879	video has emerged of a tomahawk missile being fired at a moving ship.
the missile is fired from a ship off the californian coast at long range.
it hits with such power it punches a hole through the metal container.
success of the test means the us navy could be able to use the tomahawk missile in future to improve use of long range weapons on moving targets.
1880	preacher james mcconnell said  islam was 'spawned in hell'
dup's peter robinson backed mr mcconnell's right to criticise islam.
first minister said he wouldn't trust muslims who were 'following sharia law'
but said he had 'no difficulty trusting muslims to go down to shops for me'
remarks sparked fury among muslim community in northern ireland.
robinson said he was only backing right to free speech.
apologised to muslim leaders in private after comments.
islamic community in northern ireland accepted apology.
1881	cristiano ronaldo, lionel messi and manuel neuer on final shortlist.
ronaldo is the reigning champion after winning in 2013.
messi is a four-time winner of the award from 2009 to 2012.
ronaldo also won in 2008 when he played for manchester united.
germany and bayern munich goalkeeper neuer completes final shortlist.
final ceremony will take place in zurich on january 12.
click here to follow the ballon d'or live.
1882	giant rubber duck deflates 11 days after arriving in taiwan's keelung city harbor.
locals speculate weather or birds to blame for demise of art installation by dutch artist.
officials promise a new rubber duck will be installed as soon as possible.
1883	over the past four years david had made over 1000 salads.
he says he is fed up of them being dubbed as an 'unsexy side dish'
in his new book he shares some of his colourful creations.
1884	max cave, 21 and luke harty, 19 were hit in the chest by airgun pellets.
they were taking pictures of the view when they were shot at by a man in a nearby window.
47-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm.
1885	margaret rowe lost £184,000 a year job at fidelity worldwide investment.
claims it's because she refused to act like woman who ‘knows her place’
had objected when colleague showed off photos of wife's nude portrait.
asset management firm says there was nothing prurient about the painting.
the central london employment tribunal continues.
1886	neil warnock has replaced tony pulis as manager of crystal palace.
former qpr boss only has until september 1 to sign new players.
wilfried zaha has been brought in on loan from manchester united.
warnock is also interested in zeki fryers and gary hooper.
eagles boss reveals he has received 320 text messages from agents.
1887	cooper stock, 9, and his father, dr richard stock, were struck by a cab while crossing the street on upper west side january 10.
the child died after his body and head were run over by the cab's tires, while his father suffered a leg injury.
taxi driver koffi komlani was initially cited for failure to yield to a pedestrian.
1888	the plane crashes near dubai international airport shortly after takeoff.
the cause of the crash remains unclear.
a uae aviation authority will lead the investigation.
1889	construction under way on 40 riverside boulevard on manhattan's upper west side.
seven-bedroom penthouses in neighboring structure sell for $15.9million.
1890	new: four injured are in serious condition, while two others are "comfortable," a hospital says.
the flight was coming from belfast in northern ireland.
northern irish leaders express shock and hope the injured will recover quickly.
the plane crashed on its third attempt to land, authorities say.
1891	jeffrey skeele, 27, died at ohio state university's medical center on saturday after deputies discovered him with a bed sheet around his neck.
spencer mclaughlin, 46, died at the medical center wednesday, two days after deputies found him with a sheet tied around his neck in his cell.
skeele who was arrested on january 6 for credit card theft was checked 30 minutes prior to his committing suicide.
mclaughlin hanged himself a day after he was arrested on a felony count of telephone harassment and was checked just seven minutes before.
1892	who describes air pollution as single largest environmental health risk.
asian countries hardest hit by outdoor and indoor air pollution.
majority of 7 million deaths linked with pollution are heart disease, stroke, lung diseases.
1893	raymond 'shrimp boy' chow was arrested wednesday in a massive san francisco organized crime sweep.
born in hong kong in 1960, chow came to.
the us at 16 and was reportedly nicknamed 'shrimp boy' by his.
grandmother due to his small stature.
chow's gang is said to have lured state.
sen. leland yee into its clutches through money and campaign.
contributions in exchange for legislative help.
the fbi says he was 'dragonhead' of an international crime syndicate but local police wonder if those were lies, too.
also.
arrested in the huge sting was progressive state senator for san.
francisco leland yee, who's charges include arms trafficking.
1894	ship en-route to new york was hit by freak wave with 62 containers lost.
among the lost cargo was a container filled with millions of bits of lego.
the tiny pieces have been washing up on cornwall beaches ever since.
1895	austin police responded to 15 potential k2 overdoses in a 23-hour period between april 30 and may 1.
in dallas, baylor medical center saw between 38 - 44 people over a 5-day period starting on thursday who appeared to be intoxicated or on a drug.
18 people were seen at parkland medical center in dallas between thursday and friday.
1896	top 10 cnn heroes of 2010 will be honored with a celebrity-studded tribute show.
the broadcast airs at 8 p.m. et/ 5 p.m. pt on thanksgiving night, november 25, on cnn.
anderson cooper will host the show from the shrine auditorium in los angeles.
1897	the daily transcript is a written version of each day's cnn student news program.
use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news.
1898	one person killed, 40 more are injured in the bus blast.
the suspect is a 35-year-old tanzanian man, authorities say.
police spokesman says there are "strong reasons" to believe he's tied to somali insurgent group.
1899	girl, 13, had her virginity taken away from her by a man who groomed her.
when she was 14 she told police 5 men queued outside bedroom to demand sex from her but still no one has been charged with the alleged crime.
she wrote a letter to her alter-ego, michelle, saying, 'they took all my dreams and my life away from me'
1900	jared powers and winona valdez were shocked to find their photos and malicious posts on the website cheaterville.com.
the anonymous posting claimed powers was 'gay, married, having affairs with other men, and looking for sex on craigslist'
the couple says the post is not true, and they are shocked and angry about the false accusations.
they have filed a lawsuit against cheaterville, claiming they have been defamed.
1901	birmingham councillor says revelation is latest 'shambles' to dog scheme.
council says images are 'useful' in deciding which properties are suitable.
local resident dorothy bradbury, 79, told to swap sacks for a wheelie bin.
but she has to negotiate ten steps to leave her rubbish outside her home.
claims google pictures fail to show steps and slope on which it stands.
1902	bob baker, from tilbury, essex, would sit in his cab for 12 hours a day.
went on health-kick after failing medical required to renew his hgv licence.
swapped junk food for lean meat and vegetables and cycled 18 miles a day.
after losing 5st he completed a triathlon and will take part in a yacht race.
1903	a survey finds 18% of social network users have blocked or defriended over political posts.
conservatives are accusing liberals of making false spam allegations to shut down debate.
liberals, in turn, says conservatives are advocating block and report actions.
netiquette expert thomas p. farley says people need to be aware of their audience.
1904	unemployed majid hussain given money by father to spend on his children.
did not declare bank account because 'under islamic law money was not his'
came to britain as student funded by saddam hussein's iraqi government.
1905	66 passengers and 17 crew members came down with a digestive bug.
princess cruises believes norovirus is at the root of the outbreak.
it is believed to have infected passengers on a number of cruise ships in recent months.
health officials track it on cruise ships, leading to more frequent reporting.
1906	gunman's family offers prayers for surviving victim.
claire davis is stable, but in a coma, her family says.
the horse-loving senior "wouldn't hurt a fly," classmates say.
davis didn't know the student who shot her in the head, police say.
1907	two outraged emails sent by liberal party federal treasurer phil higginson.
mr higginson expressed his disbelief about prime minister's chief of staff peta credlin being married to the liberal party's director brian loughnane.
duo are blamed in email for in-house fighting between the party members.
he also highlighted concerns over financial reporting standards within the party, and said he would stand down from the treasurer's role before june.
1908	1 in 8 people have never used internet, says office for national statistics.
almost all under-25s have been online, but just a third of over-75s.
peers warn that it is now 'impossible to function' without web access.
1909	new: recall expanded to include products from january 2007.
fda: salmonella strains were found 12 times from 2007 to 2008 at plant in georgia.
inspectors from the fda found more contamination this month.
more than 300 products using pca peanut butter, paste have been recalled.
1910	new: lawmakers will hold special session thursday to vote on extending probe.
new: gov. chris christie will still raise money for gop governor in florida next week.
christie's team used public assets for retribution, says democrat leading probe.
it "just strains believability" that christie didn't know of lane closures, he says.
1911	defense secretary chuck hagel wagged his finger at the chinese.
he said they have no right to an air defense zone over disputed islands.
japan and china both claim islands in east china sea as theirs.
they are uninhabited but stand over undersea oil reserves.
1912	the humpback was beached in the pool by newport beach, in sydney, australia, while heading to warmer climes.
at 32 feet from tail to snout, this leviathan is the exact same length as a london bus.
it is unclear whether he was abandoned by his pod or simply couldn't keep up because of age or injury.
it is now a nervous wait to see if the next high tide will rise enough to reclaim his corpse back to its pacific heartland.
if not, wildlife.
authorities must find a way to remove the carcass, which is beginning to emit a putrid smell.
1913	dutch authorities have identified the remains of all 38 australians on board the fatal flight.
operation bring them home will conclude in coming weeks, but investigations into the cause of the crash continue.
the victims have finally been accorded the  respect they deserve, says pm.
1914	campaign had advertised 'gay conversion'
controversial advert was due to run on london buses for two weeks.
tfl ban campaign after boris johnson after insisting it shouldn't run.
1915	a member of the new york city police department was caught on film hitting a young man with a baton at the myrtle subway stop in brooklyn.
20-year-old donovan lawson had reportedly jumped the turnstile and tried to enter the subway without paying.
at one point the officer hits the young man so hard in the head that blood sprays some of the bystanders.
prior to this lawson had been sprayed with pepper spray.
the nypd internal affairs unit is investigating the incident.
1916	iovera, or ‘frotox’,  is a toxin-free wrinkle treatment.
has been hailed as the 'next generation of botox'
claims to deliver more instant results than botox.
15 minute session costs around £300 and the results last for three months.
1917	lord lloyd-webber called for the playhouse to be replaced with new theatre.
the composer made the comments in 2000 when he owned the apollo.
current owner said grade ii listed building has 'suffered benign neglect'
1918	actor ricky sekhon only discovered he was playing former al-qaeda leader once he got the role.
new film zero dark thirty has limited release on wednesday and nominated for four golden globes already.
1919	kfc jumped on the #tay4hottest100 campaign to include taylor swift in the annual triple j hottest 100 countdown.
the fast food chain offered the chance to win a $19.89 voucher for customers who posted their favourite taylor swift song.
the move may breach the strict voting rules, which disqualify artists who offer fans encouragement to vote for them.
former triple j presenter angela catterns said swift had been excluded based on 'a fast food chain be involved in the process'
1920	battalion of figures depicting wounded soldiers unveiled in trafalgar square.
each figure will travel to the local community of the victim it depicts.
the help for heroes initiative is sponsored by bell's whisky.
1921	phillip lemonheigh turned his renault estate car into a fake ambulance.
he stuck 'emergency response' stickers on his car and used a blue light.
lemonheigh disguised his car for 3 months and does not have a licence.
driver caught speeding through red traffic light at 73mph in 50mph zone.
judge says he has 'never come across something so bizarre' in his career.
laughing lemonheigh says he went 'bit far' and admits dangerous driving.
1922	a u.s. nonprofit group says south sudan displaces somalia as most fragile nation.
it cites the young country's fractious leadership, mass killings and ethnic violence.
the united states is among the 10 nations that have deteriorated the most, the group says.
iran leads the list of countries that improved the most over the past year.
1923	ministry of defence says claim is for civilian police to deal with.
but police seem to be knocking down claim that commandos were involved in diana's death.
allegation emerged amid collapse of soldier's marriage.
london police stress they are not re-investigating, merely assessing credibility.
1924	the trio joined a host of other celebrities for the charity photoshoot.
images released to promote christmas jumper day on december 13th.
other a-listers to feature include lorraine kelly and comedian dom joly.
1925	fake bracelets are made from metal measuring tape covered in plastic.
the bracelets feature characters from disney's frozen but are dangerous.
nottinghamshire county council warned bands could slash a child's wrist.
fake bracelets are being sold for £5.75 for 10 on ebay and in some stores.
council said demand for merchandise from film could put children at risk.
julie brooks discovered bracelets were made from sharp sections of metal.
she reported them over concerns metal could easily 'slice a child's wrist'
1926	cassidy hooper has already had 11 surgeries, the final one will be sept 18.
ms hooper was bron without eyes or a nose due to a rare birth disorder.
she is otherwise healthy, with no other birth defects.
1927	'skinny fat' describes a person who may appear skinny but is unhealthy.
people who are skinny fat are likely to neglect their health because they assume they are well due to their appearance.
one in four skinny people have pre-diabetes, are 'metabolically obese'
skinny diabetics have a higher mortality rate than obese diabetics.
they often have unhealthy fat around their organs.
problems occur when people try to be skinny instead of fit.
running without doing any weights is surprisingly a bad decision.
artificial sweeteners are damaging to a person's metabolism.
a lack of sleep, high stress levels and not enough tea are damaging.
1928	six barclays traders and two from rbs have been suspended.
investigation focuses on use of instant messaging to rig the market.
rbs vows to ‘come down very severely' on anyone caught breaking rules.
1929	ainu museum is a re-creation of an outdoor village of japan's indigenous people.
there are about 25,000 ainu people but only about 10 ainu speakers.
they lead a relatively hard life compared to other japanese people today.
1930	inmates at arisvaldo de campos pires penitentiary have been taught to knit and crochet.
fashion designer raquel guimaraes says they can 'do any work'
now their projects for her high-end brand doiselles are exported to america and japan.
1931	jesse dahlstrom, 35, charged with first-degree murder in december 11 death of sally marie pionk, 75, inside duluth, minnesota, grocery store.
the grandmother bled to death after being stabbed in the neck with a steak knife while shopping in bakery section.
dahlstrom's family released a statement saying he has been struggling with mental issues for years but has been denied treatment.
1932	raheem sterling has a tattoo of a young boy staring up at wembley on his left arm.
liverpool youngster is playing his first ever world cup after an impressive season for the reds.
sterling impressed during england's 2-1 defeat against italy.
19-year-old will face liverpool team-mate luis suarez as the three lions take on uruguay on thursday.
1933	kardashian addressed public reaction to her split with husband kris humphries.
"i can't believe i even have to defend this," said the reality star, who said she married for love.
1934	beckham says he has that 'itch' to return to football.
he retired last year after a spell with paris saint germain.
former england captain is trying launch his own major league soccer team in miami and says he could return as player-owner.
1935	breeders' cup gets under way on friday at santa anita.
hank nothaft's filly living the life will be under the spotlight.
living the life had recent success at british all-weather finals.
the filly will be ridden by rafael bejarano.
1936	emma parker bowles describes herself as a 'demented snow white'
volunteers with dogs without border - saving animals from ‘death row’
team rescues dogs from the street and places them in foster homes.
they then search for 'forever homes' for the animals to live as pets.
1937	ersin sirer, owner of the chelsea bun cafe, is selling his £5.95m home.
the south kensington mews was recently extended under ground.
the 'iceberg home' now has four bedrooms, media room and wine cellar.
1938	the underlying cause of ibs is unknown, but stress can be a trigger.
one in three adults will suffer from it at some point...
and 20% of children experience its symptoms; peak ages are from 4 to 12.
1939	roberta packman, 58, filmed enjoying round at plush club in cumbria.
claimed she couldn't walk and was in constant pain.
judge: 'you were motivated simply by greed' jailing her for 28 weeks.
1940	max cryer's new book is a celebration of feline trivia and folklore.
the mysteriousness of cats has spawned many cultural references.
cryer reminds us that: ‘a cat knows your every thought, but doesn’t care.’
1941	the fighting in michoacan state also leaves 15 injured.
police: of the 22 people killed, two are officers.
1942	editor said shoot did not meet vogue health initiative to only use models aged over 16.
romeo has been used in february edition in advertising feature.
1943	jerry hall, 57, has rocked veronica lake waves for 40 years.
impulsively chopped off hair on photo shoot today.
1944	eric garner, 43, suffered from asthma and stopped breathing after the choke-hold by nypd.
pantaleo, an eight-year nypd veteran, was stripped of his gun and badge after garner's death and another officer was placed on desk duty.
a ny prosecutor will ask a grand jury to consider charges in garner's death.
da daniel donovan says he's 'committed to a fair, thorough and responsible investigation'
1945	doctors tells austrian newspaper 'next 48 hours are crucial for george michael'
1946	a team of indigenous rangers and workers from the tangaroa blue foundation spent five days cleaning the seven-kilometre shoreline.
the team found fishing nets, false teeth, bags full of plastic bottles  and an enormous army of toy soldiers.
northern queensland gets a large amount of waste washed over from south-east asia.
this is having a serious impact on local marine life.
heidi taylor, the co-founder of tangoroa blue foundation, says pollution must be tackled with government co-operation.
1947	one case saw troop targeted by seven others in 'assault by penetration'
figures reveal at least 25 alleged sexual assaults in army over two years.
and one former officer says male rapes are 'pretty routine' and 'predictable'
1948	steven greenoe is charged in a 43-count indictment.
authorities allege he illegally brought at least 60 guns into britain.
british authorities say they are also conducting a criminal investigation.
1949	maria magdalena corral was busted on charges of trafficking 500 pounds of marijuana along with juan alberto contreras-ramirez in 2012.
contreras-ramirez was arrested wednesday in connection to the abduction of corral's 14-year-old daughter ayvani hope perez.
perez, 14, was snatched from her home tuesday and reunited with her family wednesday.
wildrego jackson, 29, was also arrested and charged with conspiracy to kidnap.
1950	kim roberts, 58, accused of taking items from dowager countess bathurst.
allegedly stole items from her cirencester estate and kensington home.
also accused of taking a volvo from a previous employer in wiltshire.
1951	thusha kamaleswaran's parents had told her not to watch the news, to protect her from hearing about the gangland shooting that left her paralysed.
1952	dr leila denmark only retired when she was 103 after keeping her practice open for 70 years.
doctor was fourth oldest living person when she died last weekend at home in athens, georgia.
1953	darren yates, from king's norton, birmingham, told friends he had film role.
but he and bride katherine  screened funny short movie of their proposal.
guests gasped and clapped as couple appeared and walked down the aisle.
1954	an apple maps image shows a new york city street that looks like it's been infested by zombies and left a ruin.
apple maps users have been lambasting the app since it was launched in 2012.
the app was named one of cnn's top 10 'fails' of 2012.
1955	na'llah khan, two, and her 10-month-old brother sulailman taken from hotel.
father saleem tahir thought to have forced his way into room.
pair had been in mother's care when they were snatched in stoke-on-trent.
police concerned for the childrens' welfare.
1956	aged 12 to 16, group had their debut performance at evensong on saturday.
the performance ended a 1,000-year-old tradition that allowed only men and boys to be choristers.
1957	real have lost to roma, inter milan and man united in international champions cup during pre-season tour of america.
united won 3-1 in michigan courtesy of goals from ashley young (2) and javier hernandez as record 109,000 crowd watched on.
but ancelotti believes results are no barometer for season ahead.
european champions take on sevilla in uefa super cup on august 12.
1958	stephen rakes, 59, is found dead in a boston-area town.
rakes recently was dropped from a list of potential witnesses against james "whitey" bulger.
he had no obvious signs of trauma; police are investigating, da's office says.
rakes had alleged bulger, a reputed former boston mob boss, took his store from him.
1959	ferguson vows to equip cops with cameras after michael brown shooting.
city officials said in a statement that they plan 'to learn from this tragedy'
protests on the streets of ferguson were  calmer on tuesday night.
however, peaceful atmosphere broken by clashes that led to 47 arrests.
1960	failure to tackle the 'couple penalty' in benefits system is criticised.
ministers accused of repeating labour mistake by making childcare and parental leave the priority.
1961	carroll was questioned about her work with allied veterans of the world.
57 people were arrested for alleged racketeering in connection with the company.
carroll was the first african-american elected to florida statewide office.
1962	prince william, catherine visit singapore as part of diamond jubilee celebrations.
queen herself made state visits to singapore in 1972, 1989 and 2006.
the royal couple unveil first operation engine of new rolls-royce factory.
they were to also visit public housing estate named in queen's honor.
1963	a fedex truck collided with a school bus last weekend killing 10 people.
the truck swerved into oncoming traffic, hitting a nissan altima before striking the bus.
the school bus was taking high school students to visit a prospective college.
1964	five people die after a tsunami hits an eastern area of the solomon islands.
the 8.0-magnitude quake struck off the santa cruz islands, part of the solomons.
pacific tsunami warning center cancels all tsunami alerts for the region.
1965	jason garrels was electrocuted at a construction site in 2012.
two years on, there still has not been an inquest for the boy from clermont, queensland.
law says no inquest can be heard until legal issues have been dealt with.
nurse mum rushed to hospital to help - and found out it was her son.
'everyone that worked on jason knew him'
1966	michael poyzer began his studies in 1971 when he was just 22 years old.
he juggled his degree with running a business and caring for three children.
1967	jason mraz's fourth album, "love is a four letter word," has been released.
the break-up theme is front-and-center on "i won't give up," the lead single.
"it's an album of love songs, but not just through the filter of romanticism," mraz tells cnn.
1968	anybody, says daniel smith, can think like einstein.
‘i have no special talents,’ einstein himself said in 1952. ‘i am only passionately curious.’
he had a slightly smaller brain than average.
according to the men in lab coats who dissected it after he died.
1969	edgar tamayo is scheduled for lethal injection at a texas prison.
death-row inmate, 46, was convicted of murdering guy gaddis in 1994.
lawyers argues tamayo was mentally impaired so ineligible for execution.
court ruled that appeal was filed too late to prevent execution today.
high-profile case is a focus of protests in mexico and diplomatic pressure.
mexican government said it 'strongly opposed' the execution.
1970	five bedroom home in north london on the market for £3.65million.
has been home to icons such as charles dickens and william blake.
1971	singer accused labour of not controlling mass immigration when in power.
musician said blame does not lie with immigrants but with the politicians.
claimed the influx of thousands of immigrant workers during labour's 13-year reign left the indigenous working-classes unemployed.
1972	police found louis larsson, 29, after helen wood, 27, took break to med.
fugitive was released from prison but went on the run to cyprus.
detectives caught up with him a year later thanks to miss wood's holiday.
former prostitute found fame after allegedly sleeping with wayne rooney.
1973	one in four with paracetamol-induced liver damage have taken a 'staggered overdose'
desiree had emergency liver transplant to try and save her but her body rejected the organ.
1974	new: kerry secretly involved in discussions before becoming secretary of state.
just nine months into his tenure, kerry delivers interim iran nuke deal on top of syrian accord.
kerry has long been at the center of foreign policy, including decades in the senate.
while he has had some notable success, the road ahead is tough, especially on broader mideast peace.
1975	nico rosberg started abu dhabi grand prix from pole position but was overtaken by lewis hamilton at the first corner.
hamilton stormed to victory in abu dhabi to win the world championship.
the brit lauded championship triumph as 'the greatest day of my life'
it was a split second that turned the race, and hamilton never looked back.
usain bolt and olympian sprinters aside, no momentous sporting achievement was ever over in more of a flash.
1976	president arrives in berlin tonight in preparation for speech on wednesday.
comes almost exactly 50 years since jfk gave 'ich bin ein berliner' speech.
obama visited germany in 2008 and drew crowd of 200,000 supporters... but protesters were out at checkpoint charlie on tuesday in outrage over the nsa surveillance programs.
1977	new government files released today detail 30 years of ufo sightings.
a policeman saw a yellow object at the fa cup quarter final in 1999.
a west wales hotelier saw a ufo land and silver suited 'humanoids' get out.
the london olympics is prime time for ufos to appear says ufo expert.
1978	a new data network, called 4g lte, took hold at ces.
the technology will exceed old 4g networks.
old 4g phones from at&t and sprint are not compatible with it.
1979	new: one child appeared to be stabbed to death, another strangled.
mother banita jacks, 33, told police her children died in their sleep.
jacks faces 3 counts of felony murder, 1 count of first-degree murder while armed.
officials trying to determine how kids' deaths, absences went unnoticed.
1980	mark curto was killed while taking part in the festival of flight in florida.
his body landed in the backyard of a land o lakes home.
curto, 62, lost his wife of 36 years to breast cancer in april.
it is third skydiving death in tampa bay area in three years.
1981	housing and development secretary shaun donovan said some areas may not be worth rebuilding after superstorm sandy.
storm struck on october 29, destroying thousands of homes and causing billions in damage.
donovan's comments come as governors of new york, new jersey, and connecticut's powerful piece demanding $60b in federal aid.
1982	the use of dietary supplements has exploded in the united states in recent decades.
folic acid, vitamin b6, magnesium, zinc and copper pose an increased risk.
iron was most strongly linked to an increased risk of earlier death -- calcium was the least.
increases in death risk were extremely small and may not be clinically meaningful.
1983	residents in ticknall, derbyshire, were given a speed gun by police.
so far they have caught 200 speeding motorists on ten separate operations.
now police have said they are netting so many motorists they can't cope.
1984	gerrard, sturridge and oxlade-chamberlain show off hotel room views.
the squad landed in rio de janeiro after overnight flight from miami.
played out a goalless draw with honduras in final warm-up game.
begin world cup campaign against italy next saturday.
1985	alleged incidents on life of pi include a bengal tiger nearly drowning.
also claimed 27 animals died during filming of first film in the hobbit trilogy.
'chipmunk squashed, fish killed and husky dog punched' during filming for various other movies.
american humane association blasted report as 'misleading'
1986	john boehner is sworn in as the new house speaker in the 112th congress.
clashes over spending issues are likely to dominate the new congress.
the health care law will be back in the news.
1987	taco bell's president brian niccol held a reddit 'ask me anything'
he said canada can have breakfast menu when they 'take bieber back'
he also revealed colorado sales up 420% since marijuana legalisation.
taco chain will start serving breakfast this week at american restaurants.
tracked down 400 men named ronald mcdonald to appear in new ad.
the ad is a play on mcdonald's iconic mascot, clown ronald mcdonald.
'we like to do things with a wink and smile,' mr niccol said of the new ad.
1988	new: decline in u.s. college degrees is "a huge waste" and a "threat," obama says.
new: bill and melinda gates foundation announce $34.8 million, five-year program.
new: aspen prize for community college excellence" to fund $1 million award.
summit's aim is to make sure community colleges match teaching with available jobs.
1989	dean obeidallah: 270 products or businesses use "isis" in their names.
he asks: do you change the name because it's tainted or hope customers don't care?
obeidallah: many business owners are dropping the reference, but why?
he says terrorists shouldn't determine a company name, and people aren't that dumb.
1990	fearing protesters bankers dressed down for work in london today.
banks and businesses in the city warned employees not to wear suits.
some said bankers remained conspicuous despite attempts to dress casually.
"we are not pansies," said one defiant city worker, still wearing a suit.
1991	daley blind has had a 73 per cent rise increase in his twitter  since joining manchester united this season.
cesc fabregas has attracted the most followers this summer with 900,000.
arsenal's calum chambers has had a 203 per cent  rise on twitter up to 255,000 followers since joining from southampton.
1992	airline staff entertained passengers with dancing at 35,000ft.
aviation authority said on board safety could have been put at risk.
spicejet faces being grounded after holi video posted on youtube.
1993	reports the patriots used deflated balls create existential crisis for john berman.
the lifelong patriots fan asks how he can still root for a cheater?
1994	secret service protects 27 people now - up from 18 in 2011.
budget has been cut from $1.6billion to $1.5billion and staff has been cut by 300.
uniform division, which protects the white house, has 1,320 officers, 100 fewer than needed.
move from treasury to homeland security means the secret service has had to compete with bigger agencies for resources.
officers protecting the white house forced to work overtime and days off because there are too few staffers available.
homeland security report found that secret service doesn't even know how much it costs to protect the white house.
1995	jim routon rushed to aid the children of briarwood elementary school in the aftermath of monday's devastating tornado.
to his delight and relief discovered his seven year old neighbor hezekiah darbon had survived.
their embrace was captured by a photographer and has warmed the hearts of millions who have seen it.
in an interview on wednesday the pair revealed their nicknames for each other.
1996	the minigolf masters takes place annually at the hawaiian rumble course.
czech teenager olivia prokopova has won the tournament in each of the last two years.
the event was started by robert detwiler, founder of the u.s. pro minigolf federation.
some 38,000 registered players compete in tournaments all over the world.
1997	photos from astronomy contest showcase various night sky sights, with the winning photo from the alps in italy.
the incredible images range from auroras above a waterfall to the milky way glistening over a volcano.
the contest has been organised annually since 2009 by the international programme the world at night.
but it is also intended to show how light pollution is affecting our night skies for the worse.
the competition encourages photographers 'to push their cameras to their technical limits' said judge david malin.
1998	reality show faces racist slur after former black contestants mounted legal challenge.
investigation shows the only contestants to be publicly disqualified from american idol were black.
attorney says questions are unfairly asked about their criminal records.
1999	no more page 3 campaign launched by lucy holmes during olympics.
holmes noticed the paper's largest female picture was of topless model......despite heptathlete jessica ennis having just won her gold medal.
she wrote to the sun's editor dominic mohan asking him to end the slot.
2000	dr ion jinga says influx of migrants since january 1 never happened.
britain has not released figures but in holland, 21 romanians entered there.
'i don't see why holland would be less attractive than the.
uk', dr jinga said.
2001	gareth bale was an unused substitute against levante on saturday.
the welsh star is struggling with a muscle injury.
cristiano ronaldo scored twice as real madrid won 5-0 away from home.
the news comes as a huge boost for brendan rodgers and the reds.
2002	decomposing body of damian chlywka, 32, found in a well in surrey.
post mortem revealed it had been in the well for two years.
two men arrested on suspicion of murder, police confirmed this morning.
41-year-old and 33-year-old have been bailed until the middle of january.
seven other men arrested over the death have since been released on bail.
2003	aimee lee weiss of broward county died after ‘complaining about pain in her back and her heart started racing.
2004	veronica rivas, 28, from san diego was arrested by police on friday.
she told detectives that she had drowned her 22-month-old son elijah.
officers arrived at rivas' condo after the child's grandmother called 911.
they immediately began cpr on elijah until paramedics arrived.
but they could not save the boy and he was pronounced dead on the scene.
detectives arrested rivas at the hospital on friday.
rivas had been going through a custody battle with the boy's father.
she is due to be arraigned on monday and could face further charges.
2005	shelli eldredge, 40, of utah, suffered crash on holiday.
legs and hips disfigured and heart stopped beating.
doctors recommended her life support was turned off.
but husband stephen said 'no' and she later woke up.
2006	new figures show there were 63.7million in the uk in mid-2012.
increase of 419,000 or 0.7% in a year, office for national statistics says.
813,200 births in 12 months, the largest number seen since 1972.
165,600 more international migrants arrived than emigrants left.
2007	the brumbacks were found dead tuesday in their omaha home.
roger brumback was a professor in creighton's pathology department.
another creighton pathologist's son, housekeeper were killed in 2008.
2008	congress kicks off new year with fight over extending jobless benefits.
1.3 million people lost those benefits when congress failed to act last month.
partisan, midterm election year politics will further complicate the debate.
2009	the ban includes carbonated drinks containing caffeine or plant extracts.
applies to western soft drinks, including coca-cola, dr pepper and mountain dew, as well as domestic products such as baikal.
restrictions came into effect on january 1, but don't apply to tea or coffee.
2010	eric schmidt says company's tax affairs 'fully comply with the law' in britain.
google recorded uk turnover of £3bn but paid just £7.3m tax.
company claims their job creation and investment in uk is helping economy.
2011	katey sagal's series about cyclists, "sons of anarchy," is out on dvd.
sagal says being a mother has given her insight into her major roles.
she hears rumors about "lost," but nobody's told her anything personally.
2012	fisherman joseph pedrero lost 11 family members during haiyan last year.
as typhoon hagupit approaches, he's worried about what he may lose next.
last year super typhoon haiyan whipped up waves, catching people off guard.
this year they're heeding warnings to take precautions, to leave if possible.
2013	chelsea handler said her friend reese is 'doing fine' and was 'just trying to protect her husband'
2014	today programme gave 'undue prominence' to climate change opponent.
bbc's editorial compliance unit considered the controversial interview.
bbc criticised for giving an 'equal footing' to minority views.
successful complainant accused the bbc of 'acting irresponsibly'
2015	bradley wiggins claims historic victory for britain in tour de france.
team sky teammate chris froome finishes second.
government backing for cycling in britain plays key role.
team sky had promised tour de france winner in five years.
2016	big changes to university funding and higher petrol prices introduce.
pressure is on families with assistance rates being frozen.
co-payment of $7 for any visits to a gp plus private health rebates on hold.
paid parental scheme capped at $100,000.
2017	andrew fuller joined teach for america to help kids who are like he was.
the non-profit recruits non-traditional teachers to work in low-income communities.
joining tfa has changed many corps members' career paths.
jared gourrier: "i have this unwavering dedication to it now"
2018	alina bogdanova was found dead by her ex-boyfriend aleksandrs zuks, 29.
28-year-old hanged herself after sleeping with her ex behind new partner arturas pakalniskis's back.
assistant coroner siobhan kelly recorded a verdict of death by suicide.
for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details.
2019	van gaal will take over at old trafford after the world cup with holland.
the dutchman has a good run of games to ease him into life in the premier league.
promoted sides qpr, burnley and leicester will relish every fixture.
chelsea new boy cesc fabregas will face his old side arsenal.
liverpool will hope to mount another title challenge.
champions manchester city are the team to beat.
2020	boko haram snatched around 270 girls from school in northern nigeria.
leader releases video declaring: 'i will sell them in the market, by allah'
he added: 'i will marry off a woman at the age of 12, a girl at the age of 9'
gordon brown calls on british government to offer military assistance.
foreign office may step in, but refuses to confirm if sas will be used.
comes amid social media campaign backed by stars including mary j blige.
2021	list of friendliest cities topped by florianopolis, brazil followed by hobart.
airport city of newark, new jersey named the least welcoming place.
charleston, south carolina is the friendliest city in the u.s.
2022	tim yeo was de-selected by his local constituency in suffolk this week.
blames his defeat on right-wing views of conservative activists and hits out at eurosceptic backbenchers.
2023	fia are hoping to trial speed limits at the us grand prix in texas.
marussia driver jules bianchi was severely injured after a freak accident at the japanese grand prix.
lewis hamilton has revealed drivers have met to discuss safety measures.
2024	lewis hamilton wins the german grand prix for mclaren.
british driver holds off fierce competition from fernando alonso and mark webber.
championship leader sebastian vettel finishes fourth with felipe massa fifth.
red bull's vettel leads the drivers' championship by 77 points from webber.
2025	mark fear, 55, hanged himself in cowes on the isle of wight in april.
left a note saying he could not face life without the tv presenter.
kendall, who died of a stroke last deecember, aged 88, was with mr fear for 23 years.
2026	blog editor says his site shelled out $5,000 to get a possible 4g iphone prototype.
gizmodo says it received a letter from apple that erases any doubt the phone is real.
the leaked new iphone is 3 grams heavier than the iphone 3gs, blog says.
photos show a less curvy iphone with a ceramic back, unlike the current plastic back.
2027	the ice cover on lake superior currently stands at 91 per cent.
superior is the largest freshwater lake in the world at 31,700 square miles.
an expert from the large lakes observatory believes it could freeze over.
ice is covering 80 per cent of the great lakes at present.
air temperatures show this is the coldest winter since 1979.
last total freeze was 1997 - but climate change scientists had said lake was getting warmer.
2028	british pm had said 'difficult questions' needed to be asked about britain's eu membership.
the 'europe question' has long dominated british politics and proved challenging for successive british leaders.
commenters had diverse reactions to cameron's move, from praise to ridicule.
2029	andrey lugovoy is accused of poisoning alexander litvinenko in london.
he now wants to turn whistleblower edward snowden into a tv presenter.
snowden is hiding in moscow under tight security with his girlfriend.
2030	brian harman leads mcgladrey classic after round one.
sea island, georgia resident leads along with three other americans.
michael thompson, erik compton and will mackenzie also on five under.
2031	everyone in china is guilty of corruption, says writer lijia zhang.
use of guanxi or connections part of everyday life.
businessmen say they can't survive unless they are corrupt.
china needs to focus on rule of law not "rule of men"
2032	the civil rights leader discusses kennedy's role in getting him freed from prison.
the recording was found in a tennessee attic after five decades.
illusionist david copperfield bought the tape and gave it to a museum.
"it gave me chills," copperfield says.
2033	accounts of consultancy company global counsel llp published.
give fresh insight into the financial affairs of labour peer.
2034	al-awlaki and samir khan were two important english-language voices for al qaeda.
al-awlaki built up a large following in the united states and the united kingdom.
many who carried out or attempted various attacks have connections to him.
at least one highly visible english-language propagandist remains: adam gadahn.
2035	carson yeung is serving a six-year prison sentence in hong kong for money-laundering.
yeung has been barred as a director of the club.
the football league has now contacted birmingham for clarification about yeung's involvement.
2036	enraged snakebite victim grabs cobra and kills it with his teeth.
farmer survives to tell of extraordinary encounter in kathmandu, nepal.
admits he was 'mad with anger' when he bit into reptile.
2037	tavish smith, 45, faced misdemeanor charges of driving under the influence, fleeing the scene of an accident and possession of marijuana.
police added a felony charge when they discovered she had scarfed down the evidence.
was caught on camera giggling and calling the arresting officers 'handsome'
2038	africa is "a huge opportunity" for the nba, says incoming commissioner adam silver.
chicago bulls' luol deng and luc mbah a moute are among nba's african stars.
nba's basketball without borders program promotes basketball outside u.s.
2039	14 charities receive more than £1.1bn of public money over three years.
mp priti patel says: ‘hard-pressed taxpayers deserve to know how their money is being spent'
money should be focused on delivering frontline services rather than lining the pockets of charity executives.
2040	chelsea beat lowly wolverhampton 2-0 to move five points clear of manchester city.
city host arsenal on sunday, when title rivals manchester united travel to stoke.
tottenham move up to third place with a 1-1 draw at home to mid-table everton.
promoted west brom climb up to fourth, also on 15 points, after beating fulham.
2041	group were supporters of ousted president mohammed morsi's muslim brotherhood.
men were sentenced in absentia at a court in the nile delta town of banha.
another 38 men will be sentenced at a hearing next month.
comes on the eve of the inauguration of egypt's new president.
2042	labor unions must tell nonmember workers about new fees for political purposes.
the court's 7-2 ruling is a victory for a california state employee.
the justices say nonmember workers must be given the choice to "opt in"
2043	the preserved body of vladimir lenin is on display in moscow's red square.
moscow has been named the world's most expensive city.
izmailovsky market has the best souvenir shopping at reasonable prices.
ireport.com: show us your travel snapshots.
2044	phoebe prince's parents receive $225,000 settlement after daughter's 2010 suicide.
15-year-old prince hanged herself in january 2010 after being bullied by classmates.
details of settlement made public after reporter sues massachusetts town for access.
2045	the men were sighted at zachary's pub, a strip club in mashpee, massachusetts.
the club's owner said it "looked like it was their first time in a (strip) club"
the men went missing saturday and were found monday at the u.s.-canada border.
2046	new: giordano's "different lifestyle" is irrelevant to his guilt or innocence, his lawyer says.
the maryland man gives his first interview since his release from jail in aruba.
he denies any involvement in robyn gardner's august 2 disappearance.
giordano says he bought travel insurance, and gardner was automatically included.
2047	roadside bomb strikes african union peacekeepers, au mission says.
officials: civilian deaths occurred on road between presidential palace, airport.
mogadishu deputy mayor, au spokesman disagree over cause of civilian deaths.
2048	reports from pakistan also suggest that dr. shakil afridi was sentenced for links to islamic militants and not for aiding u.s intelligence services.
2049	officer joel zwicky, 40, rides around on a green bay police board.
he patrols the parks and pavements on his skateboard.
wears his kevlar vest, sidearm, ammunition and radio as normal.
2050	capital one cardholder contract said it can make a "personal visit" if you owe money.
danny cevallos: we check "yes" on long online contracts without really reading them.
cevallos: these contracts might be sneaky, but aren't we responsible if we sign them?
cevallos: capital one said it's an oversight, just a boilerplate contract, and no one will visit.
2051	'everything you always wanted to know about jews' exhibition causes a stir.
controversial live exhibit is intended to teach visitors about judaism.
jewish museum in berlin has been criticised as 'degrading' jewish people.
popularly known as 'jew in the box', it has been a hit with visitors.
2052	the monkey is a tiny marmoset monkey.
the girl's injuries were very minor - described by doctors as an abrasion.
connecticut has very strict animal laws after a woman was brutally attacked by a chimpanzee in 2009.
2053	one man dead, another critical after speedboat accident.
both men from victoria and aged 57.
believed to have been involved in the south australian ski racing titles.
2054	adam malski was diving off the neptune islands in south australia.
a shark measuring 2.6m ate the bait off the side of their boat.
when another great white - double its size - sunk its teeth into the mammal.
the huge predator, who is known to locals as 'gilbert', has been seen since.
but the smaller shark has not been spotted since the attack.
2055	the man, in his thirties, was flown by air ambulance to hospital in oxford.
police were called to rural watlington but not treating it as a crime.
injured person was stabbed in the shoulder but wound is not serious.
health and safety executive confirm they are looking into incident.
2056	kim ferguson has battled with cancer for the past decade.
two years ago she was given 12 months to live.
kim started an instagram account counting down her final 365 outfits.
the 57-year-old is determined to 'beat cancer one outfit at a time'
her inspiring posts are a way of claiming back her identity while inspiring others.
2057	china's li na beats russia's maria sharapova in straight sets to reach final.
the former french open champion also reached the melbourne final in 2011.
she will play world no.1 victoria azarenka, who defeats u.s. teen sloane stephens.
azarenka defends herself after taking a lengthy break at crucial point in match.
2058	genetic evidence suggests mrsa is transferred via patients from city hospitals to smaller regional hospitals.
2059	'a big gallery truck pulled up and offered me money. he gave me a card,' said willets point, queens auto-glass store owner bernardo 'choco' veles.
veles hired men to help him haul the 3-foot cement sphinx out of an ankle-deep puddle.
by tuesday afternoon, it was gone.
2060	exclusive: former con noel 'razor' smith says prison system is failing.
smith spent time inside 34 different prisons, including hmp whitemoor.
was locked up with police killer harry roberts and mp jonathan aitken.
says prisoners need more vocational and educational training while inside.
believes high re-offending rate is because prisoners given nothing to do.
says longer sentences reduce 'shock factor' and make it less terrifying.
he spent time at hmp grendon and praised use of therapy to help him.
2061	the west coast midfielder clashed with collingwood ruckman jarrod witts.
yeo's teeth are seen flying from his mouth in opposite directions.
trainers failed to find the player's teeth during the half-time break.
the roots remained in his mouth and will be capped this week.
yeo is predicted to have to fork out $70k in dental work over his lifetime.
2062	paola delgado-polanco, who was originally from mexico, was pronounced dead on wednesday morning.
the baby who is three months premature is in a critical but stable condition.
2063	myuran sukumaran and andrew chan could be executed within days.
while their pleas for clemency were rejected, an indonesian meth manufacturer and supplier evaded the death penalty.
his supreme court appeal decided the death penalty violated the country's constitution and human rights.
prime minister tony abbott has called out the country's double standards.
chan and sukumaran are expected to be moved to nusa kambangan, a prison island off central java known as 'indonesia's alcatraz'
the men will be given the required 72 hours notice of their executions.
2064	gavin macleod has new memoir, "this is your captain speaking"
macleod spent years as character actor before he found tv stardom.
he was originally supposed to play lou grant on "the mary tyler moore show"
"love boat's" capt. stubing was originally tougher; character later softened.
2065	ruling over last month's election will delay formation of new government.
follows months of protests aimed at bringing down yingluck shinawatra.
polling was disrupted by protesters in around a fifth of constituencies.
2066	rafael marquez set them on their way with second-half header.
andres guardado added second with clinical finish three minutes later.
javier hernandez made it 3-0 with close-range header.
ivan perisic scored late consolation for croatia.
croatia's ante rebic was sent-off for a late challenge.
2067	malcolm holland, 56, went to church armed with meat cleaver and knife.
the widower assaulted rector's husband and two elderly choristers.
assault ends when new british citizen steven izegbu, 28, runs to intervene.
judge spares him jail and instead sections him under mental health act.
2068	heather aimee o'neill and her partner thoroughly researched circumcision.
in the end, she says, the medical research helped her make the decision.
they repeated their consideration with the birth of their second son.
o'neill believes circumcising their sons was the right decision.
2069	etiquette leaflet will be distributed among visiting chinese.
at least 90,000 chinese tourists expected for chinese new year.
chinese tourists were banned from a tourist attraction earlier this month.
2070	new: military council says choice is el-sisi's, but it highly encourages his candidacy.
field marshal abdel-fattah el-sisi is expected to announce soon whether he'll run.
the army chief was defense minister when the military ousted president morsy last year.
candidates can officially declare themselves next month.
2071	linux, the free software platform, was conceived 20 years ago.
in phones, atms, airplane consoles and other machines, linux is pervasive.
linux, the brand and the desktop operating system, failed to go mainstream.
2072	sean fitzgerald drives 20,000 miles a year for his father and other bands.
2073	cobbler and gobbler, two 40-pound birds from virginia, were pardoned by president obama last year at an annual ceremony.
the birds were sent off to live a charmed life on george washington's mt vernon estate.
but neither of the birds made it past the first year of freedom.
he's not the first president to be so unlucky with his liberated birds.
the average turkey lifespan is roughly three to four years.
obama will continue the tradition on wednesday, with hopes that the next two birds will survive through a few of their golden years.
2074	fbi was going to imprison some writers if there was a national emergency.
lorraine hansberry and ralph ellison's works read before publication.
washington university in stl professor discovered 14,000 pages in files.
authors who went abroad put on 'stop orders' if they returned to the us.
2075	"we can help ourselves," kiev resident says.
russian aid convoy raises fears of invasion.
red cross says it hasn't partnered with russia on aid, doesn't know what's coming.
the convoy comes as ukraine makes strides against pro-russian rebels.
2076	scientists say explosion could kill 95 per cent of country's 127million people.
say better technology is needed to map magma pockets in earth's crust.
news comes just weeks after mount ontake suddenly erupted killing 51.
2077	rail, maritime and transport union members were due to strike from 9pm.
but breakthrough has been made at meeting with london underground.
dramatic development today follows talks at the conciliation service acas.
rmt says it was called off because 'protection of earnings was agreed'
row has been over ticket office closures on underground network.
2078	the ring as old as christ was unearthed during a dig this summer in salekhard right on the arctic circle.
it includes images of a bear's head and paws and is made of high quality bronze - a rare material for the region.
an archaeologist at the scientific research centre of the arctic believes it would have been attached to the claw of a dead bear to honour its memory.
2079	charity rape crisis says it is 'horrified' at the content of the 'entertainment'
one woman describes her experience as 'awful'
organisers defended the 'psychomanteum' saying it is 'designed to make the guest feel uncomfortable and scared'
2080	more than one million android devices are purchased every single day.
no more 'dollars = pounds': google gives 'rip-off britain' a fair price compared to u.s.
2081	david collins, 18, stabbed during fight 'between four off-duty soldiers and three british holidaymakers'
three tourists appeared in court but have not yet been formally charged.
mohammed abdulkadir osman, from london, is alleged to have knifed the teenage soldier in the chest with a switchblade.
fight broke out in a part of ayia napa that is off-limits to soldiers.
mr collins served with the 2nd battalion, royal regiment of fusiliers.
2082	manchester united face liverpool in the international champions cup final.
tuesday's final will see louis van gaal face brendan rodgers for first time.
sportsmail reviews which team is better ahead of premier league season.
2083	australian cricketer phillip hughes' funeral took place in his hometown macksville.
hughes died after being hit in the head by a cricket ball last week.
his friend, the australian cricket captain michael clarke, said he felt his spirit.
he said his friend had "left a mark on our game that needs no embellishment"
2084	britons spend £730million per year on coffee.
coffee has been found to lower risk of diabetes and liver cancer.
study show drinking three cups a day reduced the risk of alzheimer's.
2085	dna experts claim analysis which unmasked jack the ripper was wrong.
they have identified an 'error of nomenclature' in scientist's analysis of dna.
error could be down to putting decimal point in wrong place, experts say.
identity of notorious killer still a mystery 126 years after string of murders.
2086	music is an integral part of new york fashion week.
one designer has commissioned a track for his show.
selections this year range from classical to more popular tunes.
2087	ireporters share their favorite new orleans activities.
learn how to make jambalaya at the new orleans school of cooking.
dive into history at the national world war ii museum.
escape the city with a bayou stroll in the barataria preserve.
2088	employees tell cnn they wanted to speak out about problems for a long time.
they say a management campaign of intimidation and fear kept them silent.
a retired doctor from the phoenix va was able to speak -- and blow the lid off the story.
office of special counsel is looking into allegations of reprisals against 37 people.
2089	author worth £1billion says she knew in 2000 she'd never beat the series.
rowling, 48, said children's books meant 'money beyond wildest dreams'
she said it was 'marvellous and liberating' but still wanted to keep writing.
seven harry potter books have sold more than 450 million copies globally.
mother of three, who lives in edinburgh, set up lumos children's charity.
2090	"jackson 5ive" cartoon fictionally chronicled the brothers' success.
the series featured songs like "abc," "i want you back," "i'll be there"
animation director bob balser co-directed the beatles' "yellow submarine"
balser tried to inject "european flavor" into a "hollywood production"
2091	prosecutors call four of murray's girlfriends to the stand one after another.
mother to his two-year-old says he rang while in ambulance with dead star.
exotic dancer testifies doctor left a message for her earlier in morning.
2092	man caught on cctv at tube station pulling gate from ground and bending.
he had been told that the station was closed for cleaning but ignored staff.
incident happened hours after england played world cup on june 20 at 2am.
he is now hunted by the british transport police who want to speak to him.
2093	traci lee vaillancourt, 35, wrote a letter to her ex-boyfriend timothy walker who was sentenced this week to life in the murder of sgt derek johnson.
valliancourt and walker met when she was 12 years old; the two have a 6-year-old daughter together.
walker, 34, a meth addict, killed the married father last september during a traffic stop in utah and then shot his girlfriend in the back.
valliancourt is facing obstruction of justice charges in connection to the deadly shooting.
2094	jennifer marley, 53, was paid to look after mavis patley, 79, at her home.
the pensioner's family became suspicious and installed cameras.
devices captured marley rummaging through drawers during visits.
she stole an envelope containing £1,000, and one containing fake notes.
jury found her guilty of two counts of theft at plymouth crown court.
2095	it was announced last week waleed aly will be co-hosting the project next year.
the lawyer, of egyptian decent, will succeed rove and will join carrie bickmore and peter helliar on the panel.
but the age mistook the 36-year-old for aussie comedian nazeem hussain of sri lankan heritage.
sales responded to the mishap by tweeting: 'it's so tempting to open 7.30 tonight with "welcome to the program, i'm waleed aly"'
hussain tweeted the error, saying: 'well, we are kinda the same person...'
aly becomes the first muslim to co-host a major prime time television show.
2096	tom magliozzi, the older "car talk" brother, dies at 77.
the cause of death was complications from alzheimer's, said npr.
"car talk" has long been one of npr's most popular shows.
the brothers stopped making original broadcasts in 2012; archives have continued.
2097	sites shut down for selling counterfeit or substandard medication, fda says.
officials arrested 58 people and seized more than $41 million worth of illegal medicines.
many websites had names that could be confused with legitimate pharmacy retailers.
2098	pepsi products that were branded 'simply natural' are now called 'simply'
the fda doesn't specify what is 'natural' - but anything that has added color, flavors or substances is not natural!
a number of lawsuits have challenged whether ingredients that are labeled as 'natural' should be given such titles.
2099	the coalition’s public consultation on plain packaging will launch on monday.
conservative mp mark field said plain packaging could increase smuggling, risking smokers’ health and deny the treasury much-needed cash.
proposition follows new law which means all large shops and supermarkets must cover up cigarettes.
2100	malala yousafzai becomes the youngest recipient of the nobel peace prize.
taliban gunmen stopped a van carrying malala and shot her two years ago.
the extremists wanted to kill her for promoting education for girls.
there was a global outpouring that propelled her and her cause onto the global stage.
2101	pedro perez stepping down as new york state police's acting superintendent.
his predecessor, harry corbitt, quit last week.
perez's letter denies resignation tied to ethics scandals involving new york gov. david paterson.
reports allege police intervened in domestic violence case involving aide to paterson.
2102	couple break with tradition to spend quiet day in bucklebury, berkshire.
they will visit royal family in sandringham over festive period.
pregnant kate will get more rest at her family home than with queen.
2103	three per cent of the planet's land surface is under tarmac - an area the size of india.
2104	gavin clark jailed for a year and put on sex offenders' register.
police discovered 1,749 images of children on his laptop and a memory stick.
the 41-year-old lived in a cupboard at the school where he worked.
2105	gingrich has 5,206 sq ft estate in virginia with mirrors around the bathroom.
huntsman's washington d.c. townhouse was used in top chef series seven.
perry's gated home in texas has five bathrooms and 1,100 sq ft guest house.
2106	ann urwiler, 50, and 48-year-old jon urwiler  were each sentenced to 39 days in jail and two years of probation and fined $1,000 each.
they pleaded guilty to contributing to the delinquency of a child.
the urwilers will serve their jail time every other weekend at the sarpy county jail starting this month, according to court records.
2107	michael jackson's "bad" will be reissued in a deluxe edition on september 18.
the set, titled "bad 25," will features three cds, a dvd and two booklets.
it is the record's 25th anniversary.
2108	couple were travelling through london at night and ordered off bus.
homophobic abuse started after mr james' partner gave him 'light kiss'
jack james, 23, said bus driver labelled him and his partner 'disgusting'
he claims driver said 'my bus my rules' and couple were 'not real men'
mr james is considering making a complaint to police after incident.
transport for london said it is examining cctv evidence from the bus.
2109	north korea conducts second nuclear test, angering world governments.
emergency meeting of u.n. security council called.
north also tested a short-range missile, white house says.
u.s. says nuclear test was in "blatant defiance" of the security council.
2110	police in new york city are searching for two men in connection with a violent armed robbery at a jewelry store in manhattan’s diamond district.
the robbery happened about 2.30pm on tuesday on the eighth floor of a building on 47th street - just a short distance from the veterans day parade.
according to police, the suspects pistol-whipped the owner and then made off with an unspecified amount of cash and jewelry.
nypd initially believed the suspects were still inside the building and blocked an entire city block as they conducted a floor-by-floor sweep.
2111	between 24 and 26 workers were doing the night shift on monday at blue rhino, a propane tank-exchange business in tavares, lake county.
the huge blasts began just after 11 p.m. and then continued every few seconds for a period of around two hours.
fifteen workers were initially reported missing, feared.
dead, but blue rhino said that by 2 a.m. tuesday all of its employees.
had been accounted for.
residents within a mile of the plant were initially evacuated but the zone was later reduced to half a mile.
some living more than 10 miles away reported bomb-like blasts and their homes shaking.
2112	photographer sergei kokinskiy spotted huge flock on south george island.
younger king penguins lose brown fur as they transform into adults.
remote spot near falkland islands can attract crowd of 200,000 penguins.
2113	italy's search and rescue operation for migrants crossing mediterranean sea to end.
politicians claim it encourages more people to try and make their way to europe by sea.
refugee advocate maurice wren insists their "argument is as flawed as it is chilling"
"those fleeing atrocities will not stop seeking safety in europe if we stop throwing them life rings"
2114	schalke play wolfsburg and a win would move them nearer to the top six.
robeto di matteo's side have won all three games under him at home.
elsewhere, borussia dortmund travel to paderborn in need of another win.
2115	arsenal face stoke city at the britannia stadium on saturday (kick-off 3pm)
gibbs and koscielny are injury concerns ahead of arsenal's trip to stoke.
walcott will have an injection on friday in hope of clearing up a groin issue.
mathieu debuchy is back in training after spell on sidelines with injury.
wenger also confirmed his interest in ipswich defender tyrone mings.
2116	new: u.s. looks forward to working with new government, secretary of state says.
former prime minister's party appears to have won most seats in national assembly.
other candidates allege there were instances of voting improprieties.
attacks on polling stations cause death and injury in karachi, peshawar and balochistan.
2117	twenty-seven out of 46 members of the senate democratic caucus - or nearly 60% - are already backing a clinton 2016 run.
most of these endorsements have been facilitated by ready for hillary, a super pac urging clinton to run.
the number of endorsements is a sign that clinton's run is a forgone conclusion in washington.
2118	cristiano ronaldo scored twice as real madrid won 3-0 against celta vigo.
portuguese star has now scored 400 career goals in 653 games.
arsenal star theo walcott ruled out for six months with injury.
serie a top scorer giuseppe rossi to undergo knee surgery.
2119	the business which offered hugging, cuddling and spooning with professional snugglers for $60 an hour has shut.
'the push back and harassment is not worth it, honestly,' read a message on the business' facebook page.
city authorities had expressed grave concerns that the business was little more than a front for prostitution.
2120	games from pong to grand theft auto expected to be nominated.
titles will be chosen for their 'icon status' and impact on society.
2121	sudoku puzzles can improve your child's memory, experts have claimed.
crosswords improve verbal fluency while word games help with vocabulary.
research was undertaken by experts at the university of cambridge.
2122	psychologists at yale university in new haven, connecticut, have explored why people shed 'tears of joy'
measured study participants' reactions to happy reunions and cute babies.
they found that people who respond to a happy experience by crying can moderate intense emotions more quickly than those who don't.
work could shed light on how people express and control their emotions.
2123	celtic set to face maribor in champions league play-off on wednesday.
first leg set to take place in slovenia, before return leg back in glasgow.
ronny deila's side were thumped 6-1 on aggregate in third qualifying round.
but legia warsaw were disqualified for fielding an ineligible player.
2124	levante president quico catalan says navas will not go on the cheap.
the keeper has starred for costa rica at world cup, conceding just twice.
he also saved decisive spot-kick in costa rica's last-16 win over greece.
navas has an £8million buy-out clause which must be met.
he hast just a year left on his £5,000-a-week contract at levante.
atleti's offer of £5m plus brazilian forward leo baptistao rejected.
2125	mackenzie phillips talks about family's reaction to her claims of incest.
sister bijou called experience hurtful but hopes mackenzie finds peace.
john phillips' ex-wives don't think mackenzie's story is valid.
chynna phillips believes mackenzie, hopes she uses her experience to help others.
2126	ofcom study finds teens of 14 and 15 are most confident with technology.
more than 60 per cent of adults over 55 admitted they struggle with gadgets.
under-eights have never known a world without social networks.
2127	rising numbers of babies born very early are surviving thanks to medical advances.
but no improvement over the last decade for those born before 24 weeks - the current limit for abortion.
significant survival improvements only among babies born at 24, 25 and 26 weeks, say british researchers.
2128	maria kang has been criticized for posting photo of herself in bra and shorts with her sons.
ruben navarrette: kang makes a good point about being healthy and staying fit.
he says americans need to talk to each other instead of getting personal and ugly.
navarrette: kang isn't guilty of being a bully, but some of her critics are.
2129	teenagers stopped by police when offering to shovel snowy drives.
police ordered teens back inside due to the state-wide travel ban.
new jersey governor chris christie imposed the ban on monday.
2130	two-time tour de france winner falls and injures knee during stage 10.
contador rejoins race but retires 20 kilometers later.
spaniard follows 2013 winner chris froome out of this year's tour.
vincenzo nibali takes stage victory to reclaim yellow jersey.
2131	andy powell and wife natasha had a son called henry on new year's day.
couple split when natasha accused him of cheating, lying and gambling.
last year she sold his possessions on ebay and sprayed 'cheat' on his car.
she fell pregnant after several miscarriages and the couple started again.
wales and british lions star powell said birth was 'best day of his life'
2132	swiss scientists showed blocking the protein, periostin, prevented formation of secondary cancers.
2133	mark carney hinted a hike in interest rates will take place within months.
first increase in seven years revealed at annual mansion house speech.
chancellor george osborne also announced cap on mortgage loans.
is likely to be between three and three-and-a-half times borrowers' salary.
could harm first-time buyers and those seeking to remortgage a house.
2134	michael joseph delvecchio, who goes by 'mickey', was last seen at his orlando, florida home at 4pm on sunday.
on monday, a motorist spotted him a mile from his home and called 911.
2135	sandra samuel, who saved toddler's life, sees no heroism in her actions.
why she faced gunfire: "this baby is something very precious to me"
samuel: "when i hear gunshot, it's not one or 20. it's like a hundred gunshots"
for now, she will stay in israel helping take care of orphan toddler that she saved.
2136	bailee madison shows kids how to fight childhood cancer by selling lemonade.
madison says you're never too young to make a difference.
alex's lemonade stand foundation has raised more than $80 million since 2005.
2137	the former president and his daughter will make six stops on a nine-day trip.
chelsea clinton's african awakening: nelson mandela's release from prison in 1990.
foundation work closes gaps between her american upbringing, rest of the world.
the itinerary includes hiv patients, hearing aids and a coffee-roasting plant.
2138	connecticut gov. dannel malloy signed a bill into law that abolishes the death penalty.
in last five years, new jersey, new mexico, new york, illinois have repealed death penalty.
california voters will decide the issue in november.
2139	nude photographs of ukrainian politician olga lyulchak leaked online.
she says her nude images are fine art, comparing them to van gogh.
it follows mass-leak of images of female celebrities after an icloud hack.
2140	arrests culminated a five-week investigation that ended last week.
one of the largest roundups of individual child porn consumers in the nyc areas.
authorities launched investigation following the arrest in january of the police chief of suburban mount pleasant, new york on child porn charges.
2141	team sky's chris froome wins seventh stage of the tour de france.
his teammate bradley wiggins takes over in the yellow jersey.
first hill top finish of the 2012 race proves decisive.
defending champion cadel evans finishes second on stage.
2142	police in columbia, south carolina, promoted a recent seizure of '$40,000 worth of marijuana' on their facebook page.
when one follower posted that they should be going after more serious offenders, interim police chief reuben santiago replied, thanking the man for 'giving us reasonable suspicion you might be a criminal - we will work on finding you'
the post caused a social media storm, with other followers accusing the department of making unnecessary threats.
2143	new: battle lasted 12 hours as hundreds of militants fired on outpost, official says.
eight u.s. troops, two members of afghan national security force killed in fighting.
coalition forces say they called in airstrikes, repelled attack from militants.
incident marks deadliest day for u.s. troops in afghanistan since 2008.
2144	mark jenkins created puzzlement with eccentric behaviour on last series.
in fourth series mr jenkins is entertainments manager at rival cavendish hotel.
torquay has just been voted the top seaside destination in the country by trip advisor’s travellers' choice awards.
carolyn custerson, chairman of visitdevon, is 'disappointed' by decision.
2145	increase in reports to charity of people involved in a collision or near-miss.
survey by guide dogs for the blind association found 42% had been struck.
found cyclists were riding on pavements or ignoring red lights at crossings.
launched campaign called cycleyes reminding people to look out for blind.
2146	chelsea drew 1-1 at southampton in sunday's premier league clash.
visitors thought they should have had a second half penalty.
cesc fabregas was tripped inside the penalty box by matt targett.
referee anthony taylor booked fabregas for simulation.
2147	while working on the today show in the 1970s, her male co-host refused to do joint interviews with her unless he could ask the first three questions.
ms walters advises women to 'just do your job' and 'fight the big fights'
2148	austrian designer katharina unger made an appliance that harvests insects for us to eat.
over 18 days black soldier fly eggs reproduce to make 2.4 kilograms of nutritious fly larva.
it was invented to meet the protein needs of the nine billion expected to be on earth in 2050.
2149	lumbago or lower back pain affects 80% of people.
new lumbia works to stop sufferers slouching.
hoped it will be available across europe by in 2014.
2150	he calls his message "an expression of esteem and friendship for all muslims"
it is sent ahead of eid al-fitr, the celebration marking the end of ramadan.
pope: we have to bring up youths to think and speak respectfully of other religions.
the message was sent out in multiple languages, including arabic.
2151	'hate preacher' had 'extremist and criminal' contacts in uk, claimed mi5.
he was placed under a control order by home office for three years.
banned from using internet or phone and had his movements restricted.
order quashed by high court after mi5 refused to reveal more evidence.
2152	"it's hard to incorporate into the system now," says mta's thomas prendergast.
"there are technological issues we need to overcome," says prendergast.
the discussion comes in the wake of two deaths where people were pushed onto the tracks.
2153	adam christopher's new novel, "the age atomic," spans the sci-fi and fantasy spectrum.
the book picks up with christopher's previous novel, "empire state," left off.
private eye rad bradley is pulled into a secret plot to reconnect alternate universes.
2154	tottenham were knocked out of the europa league by a 2-0 (3-1 agg) loss.
mauricio pochettino gambled by leaving in-form harry kane on the bench.
roberto soldado wasted a golden opportunity to give spurs the lead.
tottenham face chelsea in the capital one cup final on sunday.
2155	leaders of france, germany, russia and ukraine meet in belarus' capital.
ukrainian president calls the meeting "the most important one" he has had thus far.
violence between ukrainian authorities and separatists has been raging for months.
2156	the four-time mvp scored 12 in the first half of an exhibition game against maccabi tel aviv, then rested his 'iffy' back in the second half.
after the game, twitter users focused on lebron's receding hairline and implored james to 'give it up and go bald'
the game was bittersweet for cavaliers head coach david blatt, who spent six years coaching tel aviv before coming to cleveland.
cleveland routed tel aviv 107-80 and face the miami heat next saturday in rio de janeiro.
2157	in this month's quest, richard explores the bond between dogs and their owners.
quest meets hollywood's pampered pooches and dogs awaiting adoption.
singer joss stone tells quest why dogs are her perfect companions.
quest joins richard gere on the set of his new dog-themed movie, "hachiko"
2158	alaska national guard visits remote villages each year with a special guest delivering presents.
the program has been running ten years so some of the most difficult-to-reach places in the state.
this years visit almost didn't happen after a helicopter broke down and there were no flying reindeer to hand.
2159	dennis rader, 69, is collaborating with professor on study of his mind.
he said it is to help raise funds for the families of his 10 murder victims.
earned the name btk because he bound, tortured and killed them.
rader is serving 10 life sentences for 10 murders between 1974 and 1991.
says in handwritten letter that people need to understand people like him.
he will not profit from the project due to settlement he made with families.
2160	senior u.s. official: "we believe iran is ready to move this process forward quickly"
talks set for thursday and friday in geneva with security council, germany and iran.
tough international sanctions have hobbled iran's oil-driven economy.
united states accuses iran of covertly developing a nuclear bomb; iran denies this.
2161	knight frank are offering a three-bed scottish castle for £375,000.
a two-car parking space in kensington, west london, costs £400,000.
£375,000 will also get you cupboard space of knightsbridge apartment.
2162	sir alex ferguson has updated his controversial autobiography.
legendary boss insists he did not leave manchester united 'antiquated', branding that accusation as 'bizarre'
ferguson reveals his thoughts on david moyes's disastrous reign.
moyes was sacked because his team played slow football, claims fergie.
his choice as successor 'hadn't realised just how big united is as a club'
2163	deputy pm blocks move to allow childminders to look after more children.
dfe says the change would have slashed cost of childcare by 28 per cent.
but some parents and nurseries argued that care would have suffered.
2164	the class-action lawsuit was filed this week.
new suit may be one of many after armstrong's confession on doping.
armstrong admitted last week in an interview that he used performance enhancing drugs.
2165	travel agencies are seeking to push tourists to other parts of indonesia.
a university expert warns the party island is being overrun by tourists.
he suggests it should be a stopover for people en route to other places.
right now aussies are staying 10 to 14 days on average on the island.
it comes after the backlash surrounding tv show what happens in bali.
2166	maddie found she had triple the load when two other joeys joined her.
new mother-of-three was kept busy with milly, molly and theresa.
adorable scene was at  the australian reptile park, central nsw coast.
the staff got quite a shock to see milly, molly and theresa - all less than one-year-old - hitching a ride on the back of maddie.
2167	former broadcaster's case could be one of the first to be televised.
court of appeal to allow cameras as part of reforms this autumn.
high-profile retrial of nat fraser was filmed in scottish high court last year.
businessman was convicted for a second time of murdering his wife arlene.
documentary the murder trial to be shown on channel 4 next week.
2168	juan mata faced ander herrera in an f2 freestylers crossbar challenge.
the competition starts slowly with just three hits in three minutes.
from there, it gets competitive and goes to a sudden-death shootout.
but which star spaniard overcomes the pressure to take the win?
2169	barry eaton, 33, accused of using 'passing' friendship with ashley cole to set up a robbery on january 29.
eaton allegedly lured two jewellery dealers to a south london hotel claiming cole was looking to buy jewels and watches.
he is then accused of robbing the dealers along with raphael francis, 23.
one bag full of rolex watches and diamonds was recovered, but another containing six watches worth £110,000 was never found.
2170	bob greene: most people don't know names of those at the international space station.
he says spaceflight used to be awe-inspiring. now we see it as routine. that's regrettable.
he says six astronauts are from countries around the globe, work together on research.
greene: they tweet amazing stuff. why is their following a small fraction, of, say katy perry's.
2171	the singer becomes overwhelmed talking to oprah winfrey.
he says "happy" is no longer just his song.
winfrey says she gets now why the song is so popular.
2172	official defra figures revealed 1,879 badgers were killed in the cull.
the farming industry could have faced estimated costs of £100 million a year if the cull, to protect farms from spread of tb, had not taken place.
price of cull due to rigorous safety rules and marksmen's humane methods.
2173	male patient in his 40s admitted himself to the university of kansas hospital on monday.
was working four days ago as a medical officer on a ship docked off coast of west africa.
returned to the united states and arrived at hospital suffering nausea, vomiting and diarrhea.
another patient has been quarantined in portland, maine, suffering ebola-like symptoms.
comes as two adults were admitted to new york city's bellevue hospital on monday as a precaution.
the hospital has denied it is treating any patients with ebola.
2174	eric estes, 42, a football coach and high school teacher pleaded guilty to sexually abusing a 15-year-old boy in 1997 while living with his family.
estes was playing minor league baseball at the time for the baltimore orioles affiliates the frederick keyes and the bowie baysox.
estes was put on paid administrative leave from skyview high school in may 2014 where he taught for ten years and is in the process of being fired.
2175	owners report their pets behaving oddly to sounds in the house including opening a tin of cat food.
trend likened to scenes from tom and jerry cartoons with cats running round in circles before colliding with furniture.
researchers want to examine affected animals so they can test  for genetic link which makes some animals more prone than others.
they believe the seizures are similar to epilepsy in humans.
2176	michael gargiulo, 35, accused of stabbing tricia pacaccio in chicago in 1993.
gargiulo accused of killing ashley ellerin in 2001.
2177	nearly a fifth of pupils considered to have difficulties such as autism.
but results have been met with incredulity by some education experts.
two years ago ofsted said 450,000 children were wrongly labelled sen.
schools can claim extra funds for pupils with certain educational needs.
2178	unmade bed caused outrage when it featured in 1999 turner prize exhibition.
it is expected to fetch up to £1.2million when it is auctioned in the summer.
'my bed' now worth ten times more than what charles saatchi paid in 2000.
2179	the societal trend to regard typos as no big deal is wrong, says bob greene.
greene: in computer age, typos, misspellings, grammatical errors are given a reprieve.
cnn's david daniel noticed hollywood walk of fame typo; greene spotted mets typo.
2180	joann howells married her sweetheart neil ward at worthing hospital.
46-year-old told nurses of her disappointment at missing her big day after starting treatment for lung cancer.
an emergency licence was granted so the couple could marry in the chapel, hospital chefs baked the cake and the reception was held in a day room.
ms howells said: 'it was so special, just overwhelming'
2181	following the selfie, it's the felfie - or pictures of farmers with livestock.
but some of the animals look less than impressed at being in the pictures.
images all from the irish farmer's journal selfie in the farm competition.
p.j. ryan crowned winner for his hilarious 'thumbs-up' selfie.
2182	new york city fc will travel to manchester for two friendlies in february.
they will play st mirren first, before facing danish outfit brondby.
frank lampard is currently at manchester city and will join nycfc in july.
new york city's first competitive mls game is against orlando on march 8.
2183	investigators have contacted all the doctors and pharmacies tied to houston, sources say.
nothing criminal has been found so far in her death, sources say.
toxicology results could be completed by march 23 or so, sources say.
houston, 48, died in her beverly hills hotel room; she had battled substance abuse.
2184	star won the gold in the skeleton at the 2010 winter olympics in vancouver.
she first visited africa in 2011, taking in the sights and sounds of botswana.
this time, she returns to the country for glimpses of leopards and rhinos.
2185	republican leaders seek the best of both worlds in election-year politics.
on the debt ceiling, they wanted to oppose an increase they knew was needed.
the goal was to avoid the ire of conservatives by getting democrats to pass it.
resistance by the tea party wing forced gop leaders to take politically risky steps.
2186	police called to house this morning following reports of an altercation.
the mp's son dean hancock, 37, has been charged with assault.
he is alleged to have headbutted and punched photographer.
his mp father has been suspended from the lib dems over report into his alleged sexual conduct towards a vulnerable constituent, which he denies.
2187	diego costa admits 'it looks like' atletico madrid striker will move to chelsea.
chelsea have met striker's buyout clause of £32million.
west london club have been frustrated by atletico's delaying tactics.
25-year-old featured heavily in spain's 2-0 friendly win against el salvador.
2188	goods currently purchased from online retailers overseas that are worth less than $1000 are not subject to the goods and services tax.
assistant treasurer josh frydenberg says he will review the loophole.
claims 'local retailers have one hand tied behind their backs'
could end online bargains on popular goods such as books, tvs and clothes.
2189	england last faced estonia in a euro 2008 qualifier in june, 2007.
rio ferdinand was out injured and ledley king was chosen to partner john terry in the centre of defence.
jamie carragher decided to concentrate on liverpool after being left on the bench for the 3-0 win.
he had started at right back in a friendly with brazil less than a week before.
carragher has started reading roy keane's new autobiography the second half, which was released this week.
2190	francois hollande appeared as mr. normal from first few minutes of his election, says agnes poirier.
she says french didn't oust sarkozy over financial crisis; they ousted sarkozy on his personality.
hollande faces big challenge: firstly in parliamentary elections in a month when he seeks majority.
he doesn't need to be convinced that germany is france's most important ally, poirier says.
2191	cnn talks to gina bianchini, ceo of ning, a fast-growing web site.
ning lets people with common interests gather around niche social networks.
the site boasts more than 1 million social networks -- some 200,000 of them active.
in march, the site added a real-time activity feed to help users stay updated.
2192	cameron's adviser hugh powell left file on display to photographers.
document revealed britain will not impose sanctions against russia.
will not support military action against the country either, it showed.
also disclosed russian investors will not be frozen out of city of london.
hague and cameron claimed today they would 'get tough' with russia.
cameron told officials to draw up a 'broad spectrum' of potential sanctions.
2193	cate blanchett and husband andrew upton have snapped up the secluded waterfront home for $1,495,000.
the hollywood couple purchased the three floor home in the beautiful berowra waters location of northern sydney in august.
the home is accessible only by boat and is the perfect weekend hideaway for the family of five.
rumours began among the neighbours in august that a famous couple were on their way to the secluded location.
2194	winger trained in a protective knee brace on monday.
suffered knee injury in 2-2 draw with ecuador last week.
hodgson has until friday to decide whether to name oxlade-chamberlain in world cup squad or replace him.
2195	jury taken around bridger's cottage in fours on tours lasting 5 minutes.
police found blood and bone in lounge, hallway and bathroom.
forensics claim dna match with april was a billion to one chance.
after tour also stopped to look at exterior and flower tributes in garden.
jury also taken to riverside lay-by where bridger was seen with black bag.
bridger denies abduction and murder, claiming her death was an accident.
2196	blade runner accused of premeditated murder.
'she couldn't go anywhere. it must have been horrific' says prosecutor.
pistorius: i did not plan to murder my girlfriend.
bail hearing stopped twice by pistorius sobbing uncontrollably.
funeral for reeva steenkamp was held on tuesday in port elizabeth.
adam steenkamp said after service: 'we only have good memories of her'
pistorius back in custody until the hearing begins again on wednesday.
2197	australian sports chief to establish "integrity units" over doping report.
australian crime commission report alleges widespread doping.
claims organized gangs supplying drugs and potentially fixing matches.
former australian sports anti-doping authority chief not surprised by report after years working at anti-doping body.
2198	the award will harm relations between china and norway, spokesman says.
spokesman for foreign ministry says liu xiaobo's actions contradict the purpose of award.
the award is supposed to "promote national harmony," he says.
2199	town near notorious gipsy site has seen increase in number of camps.
caravans have been placed on grass verges and parks in harlow, essex.
residents demand action over worries about litter and safety.
travellers insist they are only there because there are so few legal sites.
2200	new: lavrov criticizes a senate resolution meant to protect u.s. missile defense plans.
the lower house of the russian parliament has approved start.
the treaty, between the u.s. and russia, would reduce nuclear weapons.
the u.s. senate approved the treaty this week.
2201	paul pogba scored from behind the goal while training in qatar.
juventus are in qatar for the italian super cup final.
massimo allegri's side will face rafa benitez's napoli in the final.
2202	californian scientist katy bowman says the body requires movement nutrients - just like dietary nutrients.
'walking is a superfood. it's the defining movement of a human,' she said.
2203	abigail baker, 11, spent seven days making the dress from scratch.
she used £90 worth of bands and sold it on for £155 on ebay.
last week a loom dress sold for £170k but the winning bidder pulled out.
2204	80% of same-sex attracted young australian's report distress from homophobic taunts.
study by beyondblue and victoria university, assessed rates of depression and homophobic abuse in sport and pe classes.
depression among homosexual young australian's was double that of straight students.
teachers and schools called on to tackle homophobic abuse.
2205	samuel l jackson said obama should stop 'dumbing down' his language to 'relate' to ordinary americans.
he said the president is part of a trend that is promoting mediocrity.
expletive-filled tirade came in interview with playboy magazine.
obama, a harvard educated former law professor, has been criticized for being 'elitist'
2206	katarina lucardie wanted to stop wearing a wig.
her school helped her make a documentary about alopecia.
students attended the film's screening and were able to ask katarina questions.
katarina is happy she told her peers she's bald and now goes to school without her wig.
2207	original domesday book is over 900 years old - the bbc's version lasted 10 years.
2208	suicide car bombing kills four police officers in al-rutba.
gunmen later kill three other police officers at security checkpoints in the town.
also tuesday, car bomb kills one person, injures 11 others in central iraqi town of musayyib.
2209	formula one's monaco grand prix will take place in the principality on sunday.
the race around the narrow, winding street circuit is one of f1's most famous.
seven-time michael schumacher won the race on five occasions between 1994 and 2001.
the german can equal the late ayrton senna's record of six monaco wins this weekend.
2210	third reich expert anna maria sigmund believes the letters are genuine.
insists they were written as red army of soviet russia closed in on the city.
eva is thought to have typed the letters for her friend herta schneider.
author claims heirs of herta schneider showed her the letters.
2211	chinese designers raising profiles in the traditional style capitals like london, paris.
haizhen wang epitomizes subtle chinese influences in western-educated design generation.
china is key driver of global profit for fashion industry.
chinese tastes moving away from flashy designer logos to be more refined.
2212	the space rock that blew up over russia had been darkened by ancient crashes.
"dark asteroids are harder to detect because they reflect less light," scientist says.
the meteor injured about 1,500 people when it crashed to earth in february.
scientists have found about 100 pieces, the biggest of which is about 11 pounds.
2213	passing drivers were either offended or thought the poster was funny.
sign in indiana this month compared barack obama to osama bin laden.
2214	50 years ago the stage was set for decisions that doomed lbj's presidency.
julian zelizer says lbj was riding high after 1964 landslide, could have avoided vietnam escalation.
2215	abbey, 27, models range of 'problem-solving' bras.
star shows off toned figure and reveals she has underwear fetish.
her and mother were last week unveiled as faces of avon fragrance.
2216	jesus tops the theoretical online list with napoleon in second place.
nelson mandela ranks just 356th in the table created by internet boffins.
winston churchill is thirty places behind evil nazi leader adolf hitler.
2217	the das park hotel has converted 6ft-tall concrete structures into rooms.
cosy rooms include double beds, luggage space and power points.
up to three nights in a room for up  free of charge, or pay 'whatever they can afford' to support the project.
2218	maryland officials say 2,400 pieces of road-clearing equipment in use.
more than 200,000 still without power, though many customers reconnected.
28.5 inches reported at the philadelphia airport by 4:45 p.m.
flights canceled at washington-baltimore area airports, as well as philadelphia's.
2219	shane greene was making first career start at yankee stadium in new york.
he had a simple task - to lightly toss the ball to the baseman on first base.
but it went way over his teammate's head, prompting jokes on social media.
pundits described the performance as one of the worst mlb throws ever.
2220	bosnia striker edin dzeko is out for their euro 2016 qualifier against israel.
team doctor reuf karabeg said dzeko's calf injury is 'very serious'
bosnia coach safet susic said his team had no chance of winning without their top scorer.
2221	the specials reformed for a 30th anniversary tour.
the six-piece 2-tone outfit are originally from the english midlands.
songwriter jerry dammers chose not to take part in the tour.
band played hits including "too much too young," "gangsters" and "ghost town"
2222	rafael cabrera-bello birdies the opening five holes in his second round.
rory mcilroy fired a six-under par round of 66 on thursday to take the lead.
the world tour championship  is the european tour's season-ending event.
2223	forecasters have warned that cumbria and yorkshire could see the coldest august spell in 95 years.
the temperature rose no higher than 8.9c in 1919 and it is expected to dip that low again later this week.
snow is predicted in the mountains of scotland as a stubborn band of low pressure drags air in from the north.
experts are predicting scattered showers, cool temperatures and windy weather for the next two weeks.
meteogroup has said said there is 'not much to be optimistic about' as the bank holiday weather looks 'disappointing'
2224	in gq's latest story on anthony weiner, the former-new york city mayoral candidate said he might have won the race if it weren't for the internet.
weiner's chances of winning ended with the revelation of a second sexting scandal in july.
in his post-election interview, weiner says that sexting was like a game to him, but admits that it had repercussions on his relationship to wife huma abedin.
2225	mitchell whisenhunt died saturday after a struggle with marfan's syndrome.
the 26-year-old left behind 30 letters addressed to his wife ashley and their 1-year-old daughter, meant to be opened on special occasions.
2226	there have been 95 measles cases across five us states and mexico.
all stem back to an outbreak of the virus at disneyland in december.
health officials in arizona are now monitoring 1,000 people for measles.
those not vaccinated are warned to stay home or wear a mask in public.
2227	russian president said he is 'outraged' by the violence.
moscow also demanded presidential elections set for may 25 be postponed.
government in kiev has declared two days of mourning for troops.
western countries blame kremlin for inciting the mayhem.
2228	new: cpl. cesar laurean, 22, booked in north carolina jail about 9 p.m.
camp lejeune spokesman: laurean to be tried in civilian court in north carolina.
laurean accused of killing lance cpl. maria lauterbach, 20, in 2007.
2229	dealing peacefully with protesters is "futile" said ukraine's interior minister.
talks between opposition leaders and the government ended in a stalemate.
the european union is holding talks with the government and protesters.
radical protesters killed a policeman, the interior ministry said.
2230	japanese prefectures rely heavily on their mascots for promotion.
an easily recognizable "yuru-kyara" can be invaluable.
osaka looking to cut character dead wood and focus on one yuru-kyara star.
2231	media outlets cited documents provided by edward snowden.
indonesia says australia "needs to clarify"
australian pm says "all governments gather information"
2232	new: loyalists fire rockets at opposition fighters from bani walid.
new: ntc leader says libyans have a choice between the past and the future.
the united states does not believe the ntc knows where gadhafi is.
official: the u.s. mission is to protect citizens, not to nab gadhafi.
2233	save the children: kids as young as 8 are reportedly used as human shields.
in northern syria, about two-thirds of children lack proper vaccinations against diseases.
a 12-year-old describes watching her father get shot outside her home.
"i stopped going to school when the shelling started. it wasn't safe," a child says.
2234	nigel farage declares: 'national health service is here for british citizens'
treatments like hiv care and maternity services should not be 'opened up'
latest figures show 12% of all health workers are not british citizens.
26% of doctors and 14% of midwives come from overseas, data shows.
farage says £3billion spent on eu membership could be used on nhs.
comes after video showed ukip secretary calling nhs a 'waste of money'
matthew richardson also compared nhs to nazi germany in 2010 speech.
2235	new: police file probable cause statement on behalf of 2 more alleged victims.
new: mangum says all his partners since getting hiv were white males, a detective says.
mangum told police he didn't tell sex partners of hiv diagnosis due to his "fear of rejection"
officials say his partners' identities aren't all known, even by mangum himself.
2236	democrats continue to insist that it's a net positive for millions of americans to be jobless after the affordable care act is fully implemented.
the director of the nonpartisan congressional  budget office confirmed wednesday that obamacare will remove the equivalent of 2.5 million full-time jobs from the economy over ten years.
some will choose to 'tuck their child in bed at night' instead of keeping a job so they can maintain health insurance, claimed one lawmaker.
another insisted that 'this isn't employers cutting jobs, this is workers being empowered'
republicans shot back that joblessness brought on by the health insurance law would deepen a 'poverty trap' that ensnares poor people.
2237	andrea hill, on paid leave since easter given £219k compensation by suffolk county council.
2238	troubled internet firm had lost ground to rivals.
yahoo revenue growth 11 times less than google.
bartz sacked by yahoo chairman.
2239	g4s booked more than 400 rooms at a two hotels for migrants.
had to provide accommodation after space at hostels ran out.
failed to tell police and council of change despite contract clause.
2240	but the reason behind why the grade ii listed structure leans is a mystery.
people of dry doddington hope it will have tourists flocking to their village.
church tilts at 5.1 degrees compared to the 3.99 of its italian counterpart.
2241	gus poyet is set to seal a deal for his compatriot sebastian coates.
the defender will spend next season on loan at the stadium of light.
the deal will mean fabio borini cannot join sunderland on loan.
the striker has been a long-term target for the black cats this summer.
2242	usain bolt suffered serious foot injury in 2014 but is back to fitness.
he is targeting treble gold at world championships in beijing.
the jamaican features on billboard in new york's times square.
2243	experts predict only $4 in every $10 in 2014 will come from console games.
disc-based games will account for just 41 per cent of all video games revenue, down from 68 per cent in 2009.
online games will jump to 31% and mobile will account for 28% of games.
industry insiders say there has been a shift away from consoles to mobile.
this is because mobile games are more convenient and cheaper.
but console obituaries are 'premature' as firms will adapt to suit demand.
back to mail online home.
back to the page you came from.
2244	holly foster, 22,  was recently crowned miss vintage uk.
she says that her way of dressing encourages the right reaction from men.
she controversially adds that dressing in a revealing manner 'encourages a man to come and take advantage'
2245	oleg topalov, 32, escape from moscow's infamous matrosskaya tishina jail.
used spoon to expand the ventilation vent and made a rope from sheets.
topalov was due to stand trial for murder and possessing illegal firearms.
he is the first person to escape from a moscow prison in 12 years.
2246	monday tornado affected as many as 13,000 homes and 33,000 people, causing $2 billion worth of damage to properties alone.
twister that struck moore in 1999 resulted in 146,000 claims and $1.4billion in insured losses.
in 2012, severe storms across u.s. cost $14.9billion in insured losses.
insured losses from joplin, missouri, tornado exceeded $2billion.
2247	leo barnes was accused of murdering widow cynthia beamond, 80.
he was also alleged to have killed philip silverstone, 67, a day later.
pensioners from birmingham and london were found dead one day apart.
barnes, 33, found hanging in his cell at hmp hewell in redditch yesterday.
mrs beamond's daughter said her mother had been denied justice.
barnes claimed mrs beamond was struck over the head by an intruder.
he said mr silverstone, of belsize park, london was killed by a polish man.
2248	manmohan singh, india's prime minister, urgently requested a group of cabinet members to review the ban.
cotton traders including cargill, noble group and glencore suffered big losses after cotton prices fall to less than $1.
cotton prices have risen this year after india banned exports for the second time in two years.
2249	arsenal beat champions manchester city 2-0 at the etihad on sunday.
santi cazorla scored the opener through a penalty in the 24th minute.
replays show referee mike dean may have been looking elsewhere when vincent kompany fouled nacho monreal off the ball.
city are now five points behind premier league leaders chelsea.
sportsmail's graham poll feels it was the right decision by official dean.
2250	faced with slow holiday traffic, officers in melbourne, florida, decided to put a unique festive spin on how they dealt with offenders.
they bough scratch-off lottery tickets with their own money and issued them alongside warnings and speeding tickets.
over 30 had been dispensed by 1pm christmas day.
2251	minneapolis-st.paul is was crowned the fittest metropolitan area in the land by the american college of sports medicine for the third year running.
the city of angels, long known for its image conscious locals, is way down the list at 29.
2252	dean obeidallah: the new iphone 5s has rekindled my enthusiasm for the devices.
he says the iphone has been his companion, resource, chronicler for years.
obeidallah says he wants a gold-colored phone, looks forward to its new features.
2253	harold jellicoe percival died in a nursing home and had no close relatives to attend his funeral in lancashire.
but more than 300 people, including many in uniform, attended the ceremony after advert placed in local paper.
mr percival served as ground crew for bomber command and helped with the dambusters raid.
two-minute armistice day silence was observed across britain at 11am.
2254	business passengers travelling account for more than a fifth of customers.
ads also in print, outdoor and digital in uk, france, germany and portugal.
features a voice over by house and jeeves and wooster star hugh laurie.
2255	photographer eric lafforgue took the 'banned' images during a visit to north korea earlier this year.
forbidden subjects include malnourished people, child labourers and a man collecting grass to eat.
other photos that incurred the wrath of the regime included a shot of soldiers pushing a broken-down bus.
lafforgue says poverty is rare in pyongyang because only the elite live there but things are tough elsewhere.
2256	robert halfon feels viewers should have more say in corporation.
tory mp will argue the licence fee is 'coercive system backed by the threat of prison'
new proposals suggest licence fee payers should be able to vote on election of chairman and board.
2257	cnn finds evidence hundreds of rohingya refugees abandoned at sea by thai army.
photos show refugees on their rickety boats being towed out to sea, cut loose.
the army denies setting refugees adrift; thai government has launched an inquiry.
rohingya have been fleeing persecution of the hard-line military regime in myanmar.
2258	max verstappen is joining toro rosso for the 2015 season.
the 16-year-old is the son of former f1 driver jos verstappen.
former karting world champion will replace jean-eric vergne.
2259	the trial of the alleged "butcher of bosnia" is suspended on its second day.
a dispute over evidence halted proceedings against the alleged war criminal.
the ex-general faces 11 counts of genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity.
nearly 8,000 muslim men and boys were slaughtered in srebrenica.
2260	emma stephens, 44, from hertfordshire, slipped climbing out of the bath.
landed on the rim smashing bottom tooth and knocking out a top one.
three others ended up embedded high in her gums.
a&e turned her away as they didn't know what to do.
was treated at kings college dental hospital adult dental trauma unit.
new charity dental trauma uk says: 'pick it, lick it and stick it.'
2261	new: privacy rights advocate says review board "failed to fulfill its responsibility here"
report: nsa's section 702 program is still lawful, "valuable and effective"
however, "aspects of the program's implementation raise privacy concerns," report says.
report: people not involved in communications could be exposed to abuses.
2262	ravel morrison was dubbed the new paul scholes by many at old trafford.
off-field antics saw manchester united dream ended by sir alex ferguson.
the midfielder now looks set to leave west ham united in similar fashion.
italian side lazio among those interested in resurrecting his career.
2263	contractors removed antique at towneley hall in burnley to change its bulbs.
the crystal chandelier was being winched back up but fell to the floor.
council official says centre piece suffered 'slight damage' during bulb change.
chandelier has now been removed to be repaired and cleaned.
incident echoes plot of only fools and horses episode touch of glass.
2264	2 wounded iraq veterans are using prosthetics outfitted with bluetooth.
their artificial legs communicate via bluetooth to coordinate movements.
both vets are testing the legs for what could become more widespread use.
2265	new: two aid workers are identified by their friends and family.
new: they say aid workers knew risks but were devoted to afghanistan.
afghan police: 10 members of medical team killed in badakhshan.
the taliban has claimed responsibility for the killings.
2266	the next day is singer's first chart-topper since black tie white noise.
a good week for golden oldies with bon jovi's what about now in at two.
2267	a study by  the university of cincinnati suggests taking short online breaks can boost productivity.
however spending too much time online turns people into cyberloafers.
this means they spend too much time doing other things when they should be working.
research shows the tactic is most effective for people with active jobs.
people taking online breaks with desk jobs were less productive, however.
2268	yasmin nakhuda, 'mother' of darwin the ikea monkey, will not appeal a judge's decision that darwin remain at story brook farm primate sanctuary.
court ordered nakhuda to pay a costs award of $83,000, in addition to her own legal costs.
darwin received worldwide attention after he escaped from nakhuda's car in an ikea parking lot in december 2012 wearing a fuzzy jacket.
sanctuary says because darwin.
was raised in a human home, he is only now 'slowly but surely learning.
to be more monkey than human'
2269	fishermen rescue dog named baby after spotting it swimming in the sea.
rescuers believe pet could have been in water for about 8 hours.
microchip reveals dog's owner had died a few months ago.
tampa couple adopt baby after hearing of her plight.
2270	runway show will be part of four-day coronation festival in july.
brands include hunter wellies, gieves & hawkes and dege & skinner.
final tickets for the daytime festival are still available.
2271	the 78-year-old believes a 'quick slap on the legs' doesn't hurt too much.
kitchen utensils were used if thomas, annabel and william misbehaved.
despite rise to fame as a culinary star her husband often criticises her food.
he prefers his mother's cakes to mary's the cook said.
2272	bill cosby's attorney calls ex-supermodel's claim of being raped "a fabricated lie"
janice dickinson tells "entertainment tonight" that cosby drugged, raped her in 1982.
cosby has repeatedly said sexual assault allegations against him are untrue.
dickinson alleges the assault occurred after cosby gave her a pill and a glass of wine.
2273	vinicius font is the first non-italian player to be ranked no. 1 in beach tennis.
last year he helped brazil to become the first other nation to win world title.
he initially played normal tennis, but took up the beach version in 2008.
font believes the game is worthy of a future place at the olympics.
2274	frida ghitis: a recent anti-islam video became an inescapable topic at the united nations.
ghitis: some leaders say we should limit free speech to prevent insults to religions.
she says calls for anti-blasphemy laws should alarm democracy advocates.
ghitis: president barack obama is right to defend free speech and u.s. should push for it.
2275	the six-month old reptile is wowing the crowds at paradise wildlife park.
2276	jacek korolko says he only listened to loud music on three occasions.
father claims neighbours shun him and wrongly blame him for dog mess.
33-year-old says it is he who is being hounded out by fellow residents.
2277	russell woolwright allegedly met with teenager outside of school.
the former tennis player had been sent messages by alleged victim, jury told.
his lawyer claims the girl 'embellished' story to avoid getting into trouble.
2278	exclusive: taxpayers subsidise  lords restaurants by almost £2m a year.
peers' catering subsidy increased by £100,000  according to official figures.
mps said it was 'about time the house of lords was cut down in size'
peers can enjoy 'prawn and lobster meat folded into avugar caviar' for £10.
mps meanwhile enjoy partridge with roast pea for the price of a pizza.
a mile from parliament, diners have to pay £25 to enjoy roast partridge.
2279	gunman had been reported at indiana-purdue indianapolis.
campus all-clear issued hours after it was put on lockdown.
university did not say whether a gunman was found.
2280	sikh doctor forgives teenagers who beat him and called him a terrorist.
amardeep singh works with hate crime victims who display a different approach.
rather than jail time, he says, people who commit hate crimes can do community service.
singh: it's helpful for victims and perpetrators to overcome fears about each other.
2281	one in ten 18 to 24 year olds think a 'benign' condition is terminal.
the survey of 2,000 adults was carried out by axa ppp healthcare.
one fifth of people feel doctors do not take enough time to explain things.
2282	judiciary committee chair says rove acted "above the law"
emotional rove praises president, says decision not an easy one.
rove's post-white house to-do list: dove hunting, trip to the beach.
rove says he's not being forced to leave his powerful white house post.
2283	iran's evin prison has a reputation as a dismal, dangerous place.
sarah shourd said fattal and bauer were roughed up.
journalist roxana saberi was held for 100 days at evin.
saberi says she was threatened during her imprisonment.
2284	horton suspended for first two matches of next year's natwest t20 blast.
he was suspended for dissent to the umpires in this year's final.
2285	nico rosberg says he regrets the incident with mercedes teammate lewis hamilton on saturday during belgian grand prix but refuses to apologise.
rosberg wrecked hamilton's race after the german's front right-wing endplate hit the brit's left-rear tyre to cause a puncture.
hamilton claims rosberg told him he did it on purpose in after-race meeting.
rosberg, leader in the drivers' standings, said: 'i regret that lewis and myself touched, but i see it as a racing incident - just as the stewards did'
hamilton: ‘i was gobsmacked. he (rosberg) basically said he did it on purpose. he said he could have avoided it. he said he did it to prove a point'
2286	chechnya has seen construction surge in formerly war-torn areas.
chechan president was rebel fighter.
activist: critics of president have ended up dead.
neighboring russian regions have grown more violent.
2287	michael kazin: in 1961 reagan warned of spread of socialism -- he was talking about medicare.
kazin: in opposing obamacare, tea party echoes movements against social security.
he says they're usually backed by wealthy and predict catastrophe that never comes.
kazin: activists draw power as outsider, but often find citizens like their social programs.
2288	china rated beijing air 'slightly polluted' that u.s. standards rated 'hazardous' this week.
beijing officials use equipment from the u.s. to monitor air quality, but standard is lower.
public complaints over beijing's worsening air quality on microblogs are common.
government has put environmental protection as a priority in its latest 5-year plan.
2289	martin rhys-jones, father of gareth bale's girlfriend emma, on remand in us.
accused of conning millions of pounds from investors in telemarketing scam.
rhys-jones allegedly laundered money through an.
abbey national branch in the channel islands and banks in.
barcelona and germany.
rhys-jones, 49, arrested extradited to new york from spain in june.
2290	binyamin netanyahu expected to form coalition within next few days.
plans to reform benefits system for ultra-orthodox jews will be central.
successive governments have attempted reform and failed.
current government is said to stand a better chance than its predecessors.
2291	4tsps is equivalent to less  than half a normal can of coca-cola,.
two digestives or one bowl.
of frosties.
tooth decay treatment still accounts for 6-10 per cent of total health costs.
experts estimate a 20 per cent tax.
on fizzy drinks would cut the number of overweight britons by more than a quarter of a.
million.
2292	the official portrait of former california govenor arnold schwarzenegger was hung friday on the third floor of the capitol in sacramento, california.
austrian artist gottfried helnwein smoothed out a smudge that once featured a lapel button showing the face of wife maria shriver.
2293	melbourne woman is swallowed by three metre deep sinkhole.
ground gave way as she hung out some washing at the springvale home of an elderly woman she was assisting.
at one point her head was submerged underwater.
engineers were brought in to investigate the cause of the sinkhole, which was revealed to be an old poorly concealed well.
it took over half an hour before she caught her neighbour's attention.
2294	gay marriage becomes legal from tomorrow.
thousands of ceremonies have been planned across country.
last month, bishops attempted to ban.
clergy from marrying same-sex partners, provoking a backlash among.
christian supporters of change.
globally, anglican church remains.
deeply split on the issue.
2295	manchester united manager david moyes met juve's chief transfer negotiator beppe marotta.
united planning to buy back midfielder paul pogba for around £40m.
they let the france star go in 2012.
moyes also keen on chile midfielder arturo vidal.
united also looking to off-load fringe players such as anderson and nani.
monaco join galatasaray in the hunt for nemanja vidic.
2296	angel di maria was unveiled as a manchester united player on thursday.
di maria joined in £59.7million plus add ons deal from real madrid on tuesday.
di maria will wear the number seven shirt at old trafford.
26-year-old said cristiano ronaldo told him the significance of the shirt.
argentina international revealed his desire to bring champions league football back at the club.
2297	investigation began with the discovery of a dead baby, human rights group says.
maldivian girl, 15, sentenced to 100 lashes and eight months house arrest for premarital sex.
the teenager was alleged victim of sexual abuse by her stepfather: amnesty international.
president's spokesman claims lashing is "ceremonial," insisting "it's not a painful process"
2298	lebanese-born lawyer, 36, wowed with designer outfits this weekend.
tied knot in custom-made oscar de la renta.
also wore alexander mcqueen, giambattista valli and stella mccartney.
2299	wales secured a 0-0 draw against world no 4-ranked belgium.
gareth bale cleared a ball off the line late to save the point for wales.
chris coleman's side is top of group b after the draw on sunday night.
captain ashley williams said it was one of the best wales performances.
bale says 'any result was a fantastic performance from us' in brussels.
2300	unnamed man thought to have jumped from  the third floor of flagship store.
children among witnesses to fall last night and five were treated for shock.
hundreds in the debenhams on oxford street when man died at 6.15pm.
the store's christmas display and presents 'scattered' in the incident.
scotland yard believe that the man fell from the store's escalator.
for confidential.
support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local.
samaritans branch or click here.
2301	chairman of the trust, sir simon jenkins, made the claim as he raised concerns over government's planning reforms.
he said the trust is fighting wind farm applications on a frequent basis.
sir simon added british countryside faces unprecedented number of threats.
2302	nurse, 23, couldn't contain her rage when confronted with alleged attacker.
she claimed the drunk man tried to rape and kill her on an early mumbai train.
her outburst comes shortly after four men were sentenced to death in india for the fatal gang rape and torture of a student on a delhi bus last december.
2303	barry blechman: u.s. never attacked another nation to stop it from becoming a nuclear power.
blechman: why does it seem that the u.s. has a different strategy toward north korea and iran?
he says if deterrence theory worked in the cold war.
bleckman: iran's and north korea's supreme leaders will be deterred, just like the soviet leaders.
2304	iowa doctor started second career selling clothes on ebay while home with twins.
last year she made more money online -- $120,000 -- than in her medical practice.
pursuing alternatives to medicine is growing trend among doctors, experts say.
with reform being debated, recruiting firms are promoting alternatives for doctors.
2305	u.s. military official tells cnn the incident occurred on july 18.
rc-135 rivet joint was on electronic eavesdropping mission in international airspace.
russians began tracking with ground radar, and sent at least one fighter to intercept.
u.s. plane evaded encounter by flying into swedish airspace without permission.
2306	top iranian opposition leaders call for february 11 protest, opposition web site reports.
they called for people to take to the streets to demand their rights back as citizens of iran.
mehdi karroubi and mir hossein moussavi also met to discuss last week's executions.
the two executions followed mass trials of opposition supporters in august.
2307	leighanne rumbelow told officers leonard smith was sending her threats.
police helicopter scrambled and sniffer dogs hunted for non-existent stalker.
mr smith, who was completely innocent, was arrested three times.
he spent 35 hours in police custody and had his home searched.
rumbelow jailed for eleven months for perverting the course of justice.
2308	izzy dix was found dead by her mother in brixham, devon, on tuesday.
friends claim she was bullied on the latvian based website.
they have produced youtube video imploring others to suspend accounts.
police promise a 'detailed and thorough' investigation.
2309	michaela garecht, 9, kidnapped three years before jaycee dugard.
a week before her abduction, michaela wrote poem about kidnapping, mother says.
girls' kidnappings seem similar, sharon murch says.
police also looking for links into 1989 kidnapping of ilene misheloff.
2310	but ex-chancellor nigel lawson deems it 'dangerous' to keep rate in place.
2311	the name of the operation is "operation house guest"
lawyer says saadi gadhafi has not tried to violate his restrictions.
a newspaper investigation brought attention to the case.
2312	kurtley beale's clashes with di patston led to the wallabies business manager quitting her post, before coach ewen mckenzie followed suit.
new wallabies boss michael cheika has drafted beale back into the squad following a fine totalling almost £25,000 for sending patston a lewd text.
beale could line up against ireland in dublin on saturday.
2313	alan mcwilliams found seriously injured in johnstone, renfrewshire.
he was taken to hospital in glasgow but died on sunday.
neighbour claims he had been 'playing russian roulette' with a friend.
2314	outgoing attorney general spoke at the same atlanta church where rev. martin luther king jr. once preached.
promised 'rigorous new standards – and robust safeguards' that will stop police from using race as a factor when doing their jobs.
holder is holding meetings with civil rights leaders to calm post-ferguson tensions.
obama asked federal agencies monday for recommendations to ensure the us isn't building a 'militarized culture' within law enforcement.
2315	meshael alayban's lawyers claim working conditions were good.
said that the kenyan woman had access to internet and went shopping.
they added that she was also treated to $10,000 first class plane tickets.
alayban was freed on $5 million bail earlier this month.
she has been charged with one count of human trafficking.
if convicted, she faces up to 12 years in prison.
her alleged victim, a 30-year-old kenyan woman escaped and then flagged down a bus to seek help.
2316	zimbabwe's president tripped as he walked down steps at the airport.
shortly after mugabe falls meme began spreading on the internet.
memes shows him running on a track, dancing with beyonce and surfing.
today, zimbabwean government tried to deny the incident ever happened.
photographers who captured the fall allegedly 'asked to delete images'
2317	colonel don christensen was given a 'downgraded' personnel report and pushed out of his position after he spoke out against the military, he said.
in 2012, he got a conviction for lieutenant colonel james wilkerson for sexually assaulting civilian physician kim hanks.
but three months later, it was quietly overturned by a commander.
'this was the final straw,' christensen said.
christensen then briefed the senate on the case but he got a call from the judge advocate general telling him to stop, he said.
2318	qpr have lost all 11 of their premier league games on the road this term.
fans are being subjected to performances from under-performing clowns.
just take a look at the ridiculous goals they conceded at stoke city.
qpr players are letting the supporters and chairman tony fernandes down.
2319	ftse 100 closed just 32 points off the all-time high of 6930 in 1999.
index of blue chip companies has gained five per cent this year.
latest gains despite uncertainties regarding greece in eurozone.
inflation at lowest level in 55 years as wages rise faster than prices.
2320	scientists had assumed the circles forming the image of the man in the moon's face were formed by asteroid strikes.
data showed the circles are not perfect so couldn't be made by asteroids.
the 1,800-mile-wide section of the moon’s procellarum basin was formed by large plumes of molten rock, scientists from mit believe.
experts analysed detailed maps of the moon’s surface to uncover the truth.
2321	billy west was jailed for two years and five months.
victim clive merrifield was left with a four-inch scar.
2322	ruling to bring greater security to couples after high court ruling.
couples will be protected under federal law across the u.s.
2323	253 of 22,078 policemen who took.
part and 598 of 7,969 policewomen failed.
worst failure rates were seen in suffolk, west midlands, west mercia/ warwickshire.
and gwent.
metropolitan police, the country's largest force, yet to provide data.
2324	matthew kay accused of posting series of tasteless posts over three year period about job at newcastle crematorium.
these include references to 'laughing' during a funeral and burning himself on metal replacement joints.
'described his job on facebook page as full-time cook'
2325	defending champions inter milan continue their march up the italian serie a table.
they defeat 10-man roma 5-3 in a san siro thriller to move up to third place.
milan remain top but they drop two points as they are held to a 1-1 draw at genoa.
napoli close to within two points of the leaders after comfortable 2-0 win over cesena.
2326	nathan harrison, aged four, died after accidentally setting fire to his den.
had been playing hide and seek with his brother when tragedy occurred.
started blaze with lighter he found under a bed which he mistook for a toy.
his horrified mother dragged him out of the house but he died in her arms.
coroner martin fleming recorded a narrative verdict following the incident.
2327	new: a tornado destroys homes and knocks train cars off their track.
"significant damage" is reported in navarro county, texas.
a witness says he saw a funnel form and rode out the storm in a restaurant freezer.
the national weather service says a high school was hit.
2328	john lewis was founded in 1864 opening its first store on london's oxford street.
the store has a unique business model that describes its employees as partners.
spedan lewis gave up ownership rights to the company when his father died in the 1920s.
2329	katie, 34, alleges alex, 37, kept her mobile after their divorce in march last year.
police confirm they are looking into an allegation of 'breach of privacy' under operation tulisa - their investigation into computer hacking.
katie and alex famously had a bitter split with the mother-of-three claiming alex demanded money from her.
katie divorced alex over his unreasonable behaviour.
2330	samsung’s design could have a longer life and be lighter than google glass.
it will allow users to ‘take phone calls and listen to music during workouts’
samsung calls it a ‘sports glass’ and doesn’t expect it to be worn all day.
the main downside, however, is users will be constantly attached to a cable.
2331	eric bikubi ordered to serve at least 30 years and maglie bamu a minimum of 25 years.
bikubi told kristy and siblings to jump out of the window to see if they could fly during abuse.
judge says the belief in witchcraft, however.
genuine, could not be an excuse.
judge agrees the couple also attacked kristy’s sisters but would not pass separate sentences.
kristy's father pierre said his son died in 'unimaginable circumstances at the hands of people he loved and trusted'
2332	childcare agency abigail madison nanny and household staffing posts a variety of advertisements for household staff on its facebook page.
salaries range from $9 per hour to $60,000 per year, depending on the hours - and commitment - required.
many families require their future nanny to speak at least two languages fluently and have a college degree.
the requests mirror those detailed in the new york times best-selling novel the nanny diaries.
2333	cornelius gurlitt hoarded a cache of 1,401 paintings in his munich home.
son of dr hildebrand gurlitt who looted 'degenerate art' for nazis.
claims father acquired the works legally and as his heir he is rightful owner.
customs launched a probe into him thinking he was a tax fiddler.
2334	wisconsin gov. scott walker survived recall effort by wide margin tuesday.
when walker limited public worker unions rights, it caused a firestorm.
walker's win, authors write, reveals the extent of the backlash against these unions.
writers: other governors are right to curb abuses, but they shouldn't crush unions.
2335	the unidentified suspect was so offended by a 68-year-old man's sneeze that he allegedly punched him in the face at around 6:30 p.m.
surveillance footage from the station shows the dark-haired suspect wearing glasses and a dark beige waist length coat.
the victim was transported to elmhurst hospital where he was treated for bruising on the back of his head.
2336	flight attendant "singled me out" as others kept using their phones, baldwin says.
"i've learned is to keep my phone off when the 1950's gym teacher is on duty," he says.
american airlines boots baldwin from flight after he slammed toilet door, airline says.
airline calls baldwin "extremely rude to the crew"
2337	vasundhara sharma, 27, slapped and punched the doctor in indore, india.
ripped off his clothes before she was eventually dragged off by security.
she claims she had started a relationship with dr arpit chopra.
alleges that he promised to marry her and then reneged on the decision.
police say she has lodged sexual harassment suit against him and he has lodged an assault case.
2338	necker island's great house burned down in 2011 after an apparent lightning strike.
but two years later, sir richard branson has announced the extensive restructure is almost finished.
the new great house boasts a 1,500 square feet master bedroom and eight guests rooms.
each room comes with a balcony, king-size bed and en-suite bathroom.
the paradise island will be available to rent again from september and guests.
2339	teacher janet vollmer read out loud to students to calm them during the shooting.
"you could hear what sounded like pops, gunshots," she told cnn.
twenty children and six educators were killed in the shooting, authorities say.
the gunman appears to have committed suicide, police say.
2340	chick-fil-a coo dan cathy said in explosive interview that company is only supportive of heterosexual family values.
added that business is family-based 'and we are married to our first wives'
company donated more than $3m between 2003 and 2009 to christian organisations with anti-gay agendas.
2341	gallup released a survey of most admired living people on monday.
former secretary of state hillary clinton has repeatedly won the list for women.
2342	beheading threat made on facebook against cop at center of eric garner controversy.
suspect allegedly said he wanted to "kill and behead" the police officer.
2343	hu jintao will be stepping down as china's leader at the 18th party congress.
likely to be replaced by his current vice president, xi jinping.
hu presided over china as it became the world's second biggest economy.
however critics point to growing rich-poor divide, corruption, authoritarian rule.
2344	clinton had been repeating a story she heard about an uninsured pregnant woman.
in the story, the woman was denied treatment, later died from complications.
hospital says woman had insurance, was never denied care.
clinton campaign says they had no reason to doubt the accuracy of the story.
2345	ohio teen cheyanne willis says her then boyfriend drove to a parking lot where she was ambushed by six women.
footage of the attack shows willis, 19, pleading and crying while attackers write 'i got my a** whopped' on her forehead and sign their names.
willis says the attackers continue to bully her online, posting videos and photos of the incident.
charged with robbery is the ex-boyfriend, quincy gardner, and one of the women, cheyenne fisher, 21.
2346	david curson, 23, was an occasional user of cocaine but gave it up.
he started taking the drug again while house-sitting for his mother.
as effects wore off he was plunged into a lethally depressive 'comedown'
he was found dead with a note next to him by his father the following day.
inquest heard 'happy-go-lucky' mr curson, from golborne, near wigan, enjoyed his job and was engaged to girlfriend anne-marie johnson.
coroner said he'd no reason to want to die and recorded narrative verdict.
2347	consolidation of airlines has led to name and logo changes.
american airlines latest of established airlines to repaint its fleet.
airlines must choose carefully which parts of merged brands to hold on to.
750 liters of paint needed to respray a boeing 777.
2348	request came at pope francis' first meeting with head of state yesterday.
he and cristina kirchner have history of spats over her liberal policies.
also arriving in rome was zimbabwe president robert mugabe, 89.
world leaders arriving for today's formal installation mass of new pope.
2349	hull end four-game losing streak in style with thumping win.
london broncos remain rooted to bottom of super league.
callum lancaster scores two tries on second senior appearance for hull.
scott moore sent off for broncos as they lose 15th successive league game.
2350	the abuse began when the girl was 12.
weberman was found guilty on all 59 counts.
he faces a possible sentence of 117 years in prison.
district attorney expresses hope that others will come forward.
2351	chinese-made drywall emits corrosive gasses, homeowners say.
mortgage relief sought as value of homes reduced to zero, homeowners say.
residents say they choose between health, foreclosure.
drywall-related problems not covered by insurance, insurer says.
2352	bryant, 34, emotionally called friday night's injury his most disappointing 'by far'
achilles' tendon injuries can require many months of rehabilitation and recovery.
bryant is expected to miss the postseason.
2353	iowa evangelicals wield power in the gop presidential selection process.
bachmann, perry and santorum are favorites among social conservatives.
but their ability to consolidate power is questioned.
2354	ali carter beat marco fu 4-1 in hong kong general cup in first competitive match since chemotherapy treatment for lung cancer.
former world no 2 made three breaks of 55 in comfortable win.
carter, who has already overcome testicular cancer, was diagnosed in may.
he could still play at the uk championship in york next month.
2355	major richard streatfeild, 41, made the claims after quitting army in 2012.
he accuses mod of 'criminal negligence' for leaving troops unprepared.
he says lack of bomb detectors, radios and armoured vehicles cost lives.
hundreds of soldiers were sent to the most dangerous area of helmand province without a single armoured or mine-resistant vehicle, and with half the quantity of radios they required.
troops who would have to search for deadly taliban mines using metal detectors had to train using broomsticks, leaving them woefully ill-prepared when on the frontline. one in four soldiers using the detectors were killed or suffered terrible injuries.
he fumed with anger as he watched a whitehall mandarin tell an inquest into the death of one of his soldiers that kit problems had been solved.
a quota system for gallantry medals meant top brass who were miles from the frontline won awards, while junior soldiers involved in fierce fighting against the taliban lost out.
2356	collection to include sports and leisurewear plus opening ceremony outfits.
ice-skating sisters viktoria and joshi helgesson working with h&m.
kit to be used for 2014 sochi winter olympics and rio de janeiro.
2357	son and successor leads respects in kumsusan memorial palace, pyongyang.
north korea in national period of mourning before state funeral on december 28.
military pledges support for kim jong un, declaring him 'born of heaven'
but concerns are raised over transition of power to relatively unknown third son.
u.s. calls for peaceful transition of power in reclusive nation.
2358	miraculously no one was hurt in the early-morning crash in indianapolis.
the homeowner had held girl scouts meeting there just hours earlier.
police believe driver had been drinking and are carrying out tests.
2359	at 17, sonali mukherjee's life changed in a instant when three men threw acid on her.
the acid melted her eyes, eyelids, nose, lips, scalp and chest.
ten years and 27 surgeries later she is still fighting for justice.
the men who scarred her for life were freed after just two years in jail.
2360	the preliminary hearing tied to the july 20 shooting is expected to last several days.
prosecutors will call witnesses, outline evidence; 12 were killed in colorado theater shootings.
the defense is expected to present a "diminished capacity" defense.
suspect james holmes faces 166 charges, including murder and attempted murder.
2361	josé antonio de lamadrid followed brothers alejandro, álvaro and jaime, from seville, for a photography project.
the images document daily life - from showering and getting dressed in the morning to socialising with people and interacting in public spaces.
the men live a happy existence despite their difficulties and their mother, noelia, said: 'we not only form a family. we are a team'
photographer that the the project helped him put his life into perspective.
2362	daniel gray and girlfriend kathleen starrie constructed igloo in ed.
2363	inspectors have been barred from arak facility for past 18 months.
images show production plant has been 'activated' experts claim.
talks with international community over iran's nuclear ambitions continue.
2364	queen elizabeth ii marks her 60th year as queen this year.
the celebrations culminate with festivities june 2-5.
check out some of the numbers behind her decades-long reign.
2365	young man puts life at risk at the houston bull run.
stunt hits front page of website reddit with caption ‘selfie level 11 achieved’
2366	this page includes the show transcript.
use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news.  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call.
the weekly newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
2367	dr congo moving ahead with plans to build the world's biggest hydroelectric project.
when complete, grand inga could have a massive capacity of 40,000 megawatts.
project construction will begin in october 2015.
but critics argue that the project will only serve the mining firms and not benefit the rural poor.
2368	tory said he was 'sure' he could recycle yoghurt pots at home in yarmouth.
claimed his council were 'pretty clear about what you can and can't recycle'
but rules say he cannot put any plastics in the recycling other than bottles.
minister's wife ticked him off over blunder after tv appearance this morning.
labour say more recycling crucial but minister has 'no idea what he's doing'
2369	owen paterson says communities will get new powers to block turbines which are 'regarded as a complete scam'
warns of 'huge unhappiness' across the country caused by wind farms.
people who live near developments to get 20% discount on energy bills.
2370	clegg: can't defend free bus passes for lord sugar.
labour peer sugar calls clegg a 'twit' and an 'idiot'
liberal democrat minister don foster says universal benefits for the elderly should be cut immediately.
david cameron promised voters 'all benefits are safe'
2371	ismael 'el mayo' zambada, 66, grew up with former sinaloa boss joaquin 'el chapo' guzman.
he has been quoted in the past as saying they talked often.
zambada has long been considered the brains of the sinaloa cartel, guzman was viewed as the muscle.
2372	twitter has added photo filters to its android and ios mobile apps.
the addition will help twitter compete against facebook-owned instagram.
this is the first time the social network has offered image editing tools.
2373	donna foot, 50, of leatherhead, surrey, claims they met outside bbc studio.
says she feels physically sick to recall how she almost gave birth to his child.
singer claims to have first met savile in her 20s outside radio one studios.
2374	aarathi prasad: scientists are making progress in techniques for reproducing life without sex.
experiments show that sperm and eggs can be generated from male stem cells, she says.
people will have more choices about when and how to have children, prasad says.
prasad: science could help free people from tough choices between work and family.
2375	bomb blasts kill 39 people, including 30 schoolchildren, u.n. chief says.
u.n. chief condemns attack as an "act of utmost depravity''
coalition is at an important moment, john r. allen, retired general, says.
turkey deploys troops along its border with syria as lawmakers consider intervention.
2376	solider n was due to be interviewed by scotland yard for new investigation.
said to have left the country on monday and tuesday and maybe in the uae.
comes after his claims that the crash was a 'hit' ordered by an elite unit.
sources say he may have fled because of the 'pressure'
2377	in sickest h1n1 patients, mortality rate ranged from 14.3 percent to 41.4 percent.
overall death rate is closer to seasonal flu than sars, doctor says.
older people could have immunity to h1n1 because of virus 50 to 60 years ago.
doctor: "definitely get the vaccine"
2378	kitty mansfield from kent charges £45 an hour for a hug.
business is called 'be snuggled'
invites clients to bring their favourite pillow, blanket or teddy bear.
claims service is non-sexual and underwear must be worn at all times.
former holistic therapist of ten years.
2379	releasing jonathan pollard, a thorn in u.s.-israeli relations for three decades, would be an extraordinary step underscoring the urgency of u.s. peace efforts.
in return for the release, the people close to the talks said, israel would have to undertake significant concessions to the palestinians in middle east negotiations.
these could include a freeze on israeli settlements in disputed territory, the release of palestinian prisoners beyond those israel has already agreed to and a guarantee that israel would stay at the negotiating table.
pollard, an american jew, was a civilian intelligence analyst for the u.s. navy when he gave thousands of classified documents to his israeli handlers.
the israelis recruited him to pass along u.s. secrets including satellite photos and data on soviet weaponry in the 1980s.
2380	scientists made a computer model to show how air moved through nose.
they looked at the nasal passages of cretaceous pachycephalosaurids.
dinosaur had similar nasal structures to a modern day ostrich or alligator.
they could see bones called turbinates in the back of the nose and a bony ridge in the front, which were the basis of their research.
2381	the series of snaps were taken at el dorado lake in long beach, california.
as it's on the cusp of freedom, it is back inside the bird's mouth.
2382	singer dionne warwick: jackson's memorial service was done with style, class.
warwick's son was writing a song with jackson days before his death.
damon elliott: "michael was like the greatest teacher to all of us"
2383	the australian dance production, nothing to lose, will premiere at the sydney festival on january 21.
dance company force majeure's artistic director kate champion said she wants to strip away all the judgement that people have 'around fat bodies'
the choreographer teamed up with fat activist kelli jean drinkwater to create the show, which celebrates the movement of larger figures.
2384	cnn latino coming to new york, orlando, tampa and phoenix.
"we are taking the power of the cnn brand with all the content and customizing it"
hispanics' spending power estimated to be $1 trillion by 2015.
all the affiliated stations will transmit cnn latino programming.
2385	sturgeon warns salmond she will be in charge of negotiations with labour.
snp leader dismissed claims salmond would act as a back seat driver.
at a rare appearance in westminster she insisted she would 'lead'
comes after she boasted how scots want snp to share power with labour.
claimed that snp holding balance of power is better for all of the uk.
35% of scottish voters want to see a labour-snp coalition after election.
collapse in support for labour scuppers chance of an overall majority.
2386	in another incident, mortar rounds land inside the green zone.
the green zone houses u.s. and british embassies.
it's unclear whether there were any casualties.
2387	new: only minor injuries were reported.
a one-meter tsunami comes ashore in the northeast prefecture of miyagi.
there is no threat of a widespread tsunami in the pacific, a warning center says.
the 7.3-magnitude quake shook buildings in tokyo.
2388	the 49-year-old began seeing beautician sarah kinder after wife's death.
now he has been issued with a police warning which runs for a year.
reports said warning, which is not a criminal record, refers to ms kinder.
defender played for manchester city, blackburn rovers and rangers.
his wife denise died aged 42 in 2009 after botched liposuction operation.
2389	nsw police are looking for three-month-old blake holman and his parents ashley groizard, 20, and michael holman, 32.
they were last seen at a home at mirrabooka in northern nsw on monday.
the family were spotted in a silver holden commodore sedan with registration plates yny-266.
police, who were notified by concerned family, believe they made be headed towards sydney.
2390	silent heart attacks affect nearly 200,000 people in the united states annually.
researchers studied 185 people at risk of coronary artery disease.
treatment for "silent" heart attacks is similar to that for regular attacks.
more research is necessary to determine whether screening is useful.
2391	photographer levi bettweiser discovered 31 rolls of undeveloped film at auction in ohio in late 2014.
the rolls, all labeled with their locations, were all taken by one photographer and were undeveloped.
bettweisier developed the images which capture serviceman's journey around world during second world war.
2392	scott weiner from brooklyn has a collection of more than 750 pizza boxes.
his collection has won him a place in the guinness book of records.
he started his bizarre collection in 2009 and stores the boxes in a cupboard.
he even runs the 'scott's pizza tours' featuring manhatten's top spots.
weiner has even published his own book to share his pizza box.
2393	two texas republicans claim the 14th amendment could aid terrorist goals to attack u.s.
ruben navarrette says the "terror babies" fear is groundless.
he says it's the latest scare tactic being used to whip up a frenzy over immigration.
navarrette: let's have a debate about immigration on the merits, not on fantasy.
2394	belgium were held to a goalless draw by wales in their euro 2016 qualifier in brussels.
premier league players thibaut courtois,toby alderweireld, jan vertonghen, marouane fellaini, eden hazard and nacer chadli started for belgium.
red devils defender nicolas lombaerts came closest to opening the scoring after his effort struck the post.
gareth bale almost scored with a first-half free-kick and later cleared the ball off the line at the death.
a four-game unbeaten start leaves chris coleman's side top of qualifying group b.
2395	un's cultural agency set up the list of intangible cultural heritage in 2008.
organisation has approved 281 elements ensuring protection of heritages.
britain doesn’t currently have any items on the growing list.
items must be ‘essential component and a repository of cultural diversity'
2396	model sara mckenna had olympian's baby last month - he will fight her in court for custody.
mckenna claims that miller didn't want the child, and asked her to have an abortion.
miller already has a four-year-old daughter with chanel johnson, whom he has also sued for legal and physical custody.
miller's wife morgan beck suffered a miscarriage just days before miller filed papers for the custody case.
2397	power couple may celebrate xmas at the half moon in stepney, east london.
the duo and their children were invited by david's sister and her partner.
budget meal has turkey with all the trimmings and includes a drink.
bargain dining becoming a trend as celebs opt for high street restaurants.
2398	set to come in standard and edge varieties when revealed on sunday.
galaxy s6 edge will have curved screens on both sides.
both handsets are expected to be unveiled in barcelona in march.
expected to include wireless charging and mobile payment system.
2399	"one nation working together" activists rally at the lincoln memorial.
naacp president says rally is an "antidote to the tea party"
liberal coalition wants more economic opportunities and better education.
2400	it takes 1,144 delegates to win the gop nomination.
cnn estimate: romney has 519 delegates, santorum has 239, gingrich has 138, paul has 69.
mathematically, santorum, gingrich and paul all still have a chance to win the nomination.
but the odds are quickly stacking against each of mitt romney's rivals.
2401	children with autism and adhd are at greater risk of gaming addictions.
those with autism play video games for an average of 2.1 hours per day.
children without autism play video games for an average of 1.2 hours a day.
children with autism tend to prefer role-playing games while those without it prefer first-person games.
2402	the former culture editor of channel 4 news has been fainting since he was seven.
coped with his undiagnosed condition for more than three decades.
finally diagnosed with autonomically mediated syncope with asystole.
2403	the 32-year-old woman from cairns - far north of queensland - died from the unusual strain of tuberculosis.
the woman, who travelled regularly to the torres strait and papua new guinea, was admitted to cairns hospital in september.
thirty people believed to have been in contact with the woman have been tested.
five of them returned a positive mantoux test result.
but health officials say it does not mean they are a risk to others.
2404	chinese criminals have developed ability to forge perfect bi-metallic coins.
a shipment of fake euro coins, similar to the £2 coin,  seized in naples, italy.
it was the largest seizure of its kind in the history of the european currency.
historically counterfeiters have been unable to make convincing £2 coins.
this was due to difficultly connecting the separate pieces of metal together.
2405	u.s. design studio used 3d printing technology to create innovative dress.
customised to a woman's body shape and they say this is the first of many.
features 2,279 printed panels interconnected by 3,316 hinges.
2406	ksenia martin was 'devastated' to discover she will not be able to use drive.
claims she did not know the roundabout would block her drive permanently.
has tried to sell the house but says the building site outside puts buyers off.
highways agency says plans were in place when she bought house in 2011.
2407	suspect rachida h. is a morrocan-born woman with spanish nationality.
she is being held in a psychiatric unit after being judged 'mentally disturbed'
children and parents visit the school to lay flowers and leave cards.
2408	the tragedy happened at a derelict industrial building.
desperate facebook message for the teen's brother to rush to the hospital.
an inquest into his death is due to open.
2409	fda estimates new labels will.
reduce number of smokers by 213,000 in 2013.
2410	trio working in ulsan when they fell unconscious and later died in hospital.
tragedy came days after hackers bragged the control systems of the state-run korea hydro and nuclear power company’s plants could be disabled.
2411	larissa murphy feared she'd never marry ian after he suffered a horrific brain injury while driving to work near pittsburgh.
larissa moved in with ian and his family and vowed they would marry if he ever learned to communicate again.
eventually they sought and won permission from a judge to marry and have told their amazing story in a video so incredible it has received over 800,000 views.
'though we chose marriage, we chose it sadly': larissa must now be the breadwinner and caretaker in her new family as she watches her friends live the life she thought she's one day have with ian.
2412	two men died and one injured at meadowhead farm in lanarkshire.
peter thompson, 59, killed and his son john, 36, was shot in the leg.
despite his wounds, the son drove to nearby pub to raise the alarm.
police found peter thompson and gunman robert mccormick dead.
source claims peter thompson owed money to 53-year-old shooter.
2413	michael schumacher is excited ahead of the 2012 formula one season.
the seven-time world champion was speaking as mercedes unveiled their new car.
the german claims he is still hungry for on-track success despite being 43 years old.
the 2012 season starts with the australian grand prix in melbourne on march 18.
2414	two u.s. officials tell cnn that information was shared with the russians.
source says threat is specific to start of the olympics this week.
official tells cnn that russians shared some information with u.s.
warning to airlines globally that serve russia based on new intelligence.
2415	george washington has racked up a growing fine on two overdue books from nyc library.
the discourses on international relations, parliamentary debates were never returned.
new york society library would like to track down the books.
the library has known about the missing books since the 1930s.
2416	scientists believe at least two-thirds of earth's land species found in tropical forests.
yasuni national park in ecuador estimated to contain 100,000 species of insects.
as well timber, forests provide agricultural land, food, water, minerals and energy.
2417	edward blackman was attacked outside the rose club in central london.
the judge presiding over the trial said he was lucky to survive the ordeal.
mr blackman has called for his attackers to be barred from banking.
2418	britain win three gold medals on second night of track and field.
jessica ennis, mo farah and greg rutherford triumph.
hosts claim six golds overall on eighth day of olympic competition.
shelly-ann fraser-pryce retains olympic 100m title for jamaica.
2419	cape verde will not play in the football world cup following a fifa sanction.
governing body ruled the african country played an ineligible player against tunisia.
cape verde won the match 2-0, but result has been reclassified as 3-0 tunisia win.
sanction means tunisia replace cape verde in the african world cup playoffs.
2420	new: contract negotiations between the company, pilots are expected to resume this week.
the company says it found six planes with seats that were not properly secured.
american airlines is evaluating the planes "out of abundance of caution"
the airline company has suffered a series of problems in recent months.
2421	mick aston, 65, quits historical show after it hires cambridge graduate mary-ann ochota, 30.
prof aston was on long-running show for 19 years.
2422	the 74-year-old has returned to ashworth hospital, where he is detained under mental health act.
he was treated in a private room at a liverpool hospital after suffering a seizure on monday.
patients angry about his 'first-class treatment' while they've had to wait.
he is due for a mental health tribunal on monday where he will appear in public for the first time since 1966.
brady has been tube fed since refusing food 12 years ago and wants to be allowed to end his own life.
2423	traci vaillancourt, 35, has been released from prison after 15 months.
the mother-of-one accepted a plea agreement over obstructing justice.
her boyfriend timothy troy walker murdered police officer derek johnson.
sergeant johnson was gunned down on september 1, 2013 in draper, utah.
walker then tried to kill ms vaillancourt before attempting suicide.
he is currently serving life in jail after admitting sgt johnson's murder.
vaillancourt's body swelled up after contracting a rare blood disorder.
as a result she got addicted to pain medication and lost her good looks.
she is now facing 36 months on probation after the plea agreement.
2424	mark krolikowski taught at st francis prep school in new york for 32 years.
but in august, eight months after he came out, the school laid him off.
2425	stoke-on-trent council awarded £14.3m from £250m bin collection fund.
now council says 'massive budget cuts' mean money won't cover service.
eric pickles called weekly bin collection a 'fundamental right'
average black bag rubbish collection wait is 12 days.
2426	wes scantlin was arrested in january after he was caught riding a carousel for oversize luggage at the denver airport.
the act and subsequent arrest were caught on surveillance footage - released for the first time this week.
despite having entered restricted space while on the carousel, the singer will not face federal charges.
scantlin made light of his stunt just after his arrest with a photoshopped photo of him sitting on a carousel he posted to facebook.
2427	ray teret, 72, accused of a series.
of sex offences over almost 35 years.
former dj has been charged with a total of 32.
sexual offences.
william harper, 65, and alan ledger, 62, also appeared at manchester court.
2428	warren g. harding carried on an affair with carrie fulton phillips for 15 years - right up until he was elected president.
his love letters to her were made public by the library of congress after a judge sealed them for 50 years in 1964.
one modern historian alleges she was german spy - through her family denies the charge.
she was married to harding's friend. he was married to an older, more clever woman.
2429	italy's valentino rossi qualifies in pole position for the malaysian moto gp.
the 30-year-old's fastest time smashed the lap record at the sepang circuit.
rossi currently leads the world championship by 38 points with two races left.
the defending champion can clinch his seventh title with a top-four finish.
2430	ahdeih khayatzadeh, 46, doused with petrol and set alight by husband.
ahmad yazdanparast, 61, attacked his wife at her beauty salon in stirling.
court heard the mother-of-three suffered 95 per cent burns and died.
man was found guilty in court today and will be sentenced at a later date.
2431	the impossible bike supports riders of up to 13 stone (85kg)
it travels at 12.5mph (20km/h) for 45 minutes using 10 2,900mah batteries.
bike is unfolded in four stages - unlocking, twisting the saddle and handlebars, pulling up to height, and locking the frame into place.
designers have raised more than £123,000 ($218,850 cad) on kickstarter.
white model costs £241 ($430 cad) and a black model is £258 ($480 cad)
2432	kai lambe is thought to have drowned after he fell into the river dove.
he was pulled from the water by firefighters but died later in hospital.
the child's family said he was 'a happy, outgoing and lovely little boy'
2433	former bbc director general starts as new york times chief executive next month.
insisted it's 'totally reasonable for paper to be free to examine everything'
thompson admits today he 'formed the impression' newsnight was probing savile's campaign of sexual abuse.
this statement contradicts his comment last week that he 'never heard any allegations' about dj while running the bbc.
bbc reporter caroline hawley told him last year: 'you must be really concerned about newsnight's investigation into jimmy savile’
he then approached head of news helen boaden who assured him he shouldn't be worried, adding it was dropped for journalistic reasons, he said.
2434	pay $611,000 for an australian home and you will fork out $1 million over the life of your mortgage.
if your mortgage total is $489,000 it will also cost you $1 million on an interest rate of 5.5%.
finder.com.au money expert michelle hutchison reveals her 'secrets' to reducing that mortgage pain.
2435	pakistani citizen was taken into u.s. custody in january 2002.
muhammad saad iqbal accuses handlers at guantanamo bay of beating him.
iqbal reportedly arrested after talking about making a shoe bomb.
u.s. attorney says lawsuit is under consideration.
2436	patrick norfolk suffered from motor neurone disease -  an incurable illness that affects the nervous system.
his condition worsened at the time his daughter committed suicide after struggling with depression.
he made a failed suicide attempt while his wife was out shopping before deciding to end his life at the dignitas clinic in switzerland.
2437	lindsey vonn reveals boyfriend tiger woods has helped her through injury rehab.
four-time world champion has missed much of the last two ski seasons due to serious knee injuries.
vonn will make return to competitive skiing action in coming weeks.
2438	writers feel increasingly obliged to include explicit sex, says julian barnes.
left authors at risk of being 'laughed at by future generations', he said.
2439	nbc charged with leaving out russian gymnast ksenia afanaseva's key floor exercise fall, which contributed to the team's loss to u.s.
afanaseva was 2011 world champion in the event.
team usa's victory made celebrities out of the 'fab five'
criticism of the network has spread with the help of twitter.
2440	john hay, 67, has decked out green former bt box in county durham.
the listening post is filled with newspapers and collectables from 1914.
includes tin helmet, battle maps, sandbags, toy rats and bully beef tins.
2441	the borscht belt is the name given to an area of upstate new york popular with jewish americans.
at its height the area boasted more than 600 hotels and summer camps, and was the height of catskills glamour.
now with many of them abandoned, photographers have flocked to document them as they evolve.
2442	new: "there is always an answer, even if it's...you can't change anybody but yourself," she said.
pauline phillips was author of the dear abby column for decades.
she used the pen name abigail van buren.
in 2002, she was diagnosed with alzheimer's disease.
2443	new: state news: mandela's body is moved to a military hospital in pretoria.
new: producer: mandela's kin give their ok for london film premiere to continue.
4 years after his release from prison, mandela became south africa's first black president.
president: after years of health issues, he died thursday surrounded by his family.
2444	more than 60 languages are spoken at britain's biggest primary school.
only 10 per cent of pupils have english as their first language.
more than a third of new arrivals at gascoigne primary speak no english.
one 10-year-old from bulgaria could not say how old he is, show revealed.
2445	jerry rice and janie ruhter are now in counseling after the stress of being harassed took its toll on their marriage.
the pair also attend twice-weekly sessions of self-defense martial arts.
kathy rowe was sentenced to a year of electronic surveillance and five years of probation in court in san diego, california on friday.
she had terrorized the couple for months after they outbid her for her dream home in 2011.
she stopped their mail, inundated them with magazines and sent valentine's day cards to other wives in the neighborhood from rice.
she also pretended to be ruhter in online posts and asked men to come over to the house and act out her rape fantasy.
2446	made from dozens of solid oak beams, the barn will be delivered completed dismantled to the buyer.
it stood on a country estate near stowmarket in suffolk for 350 years before owners decided they didn't want it.
after 25 years in storage, the barn is up for auction at summers place auction house on october 22.
it will cost another £100,000 to put the barn back together with a team of experts in historic buildings will be on hand.
2447	footage of voyager 2's flyby of neptune's largest moon has been restored.
the project was by the lunar and planetary institute in houston, texas.
the results reveal the surface of the moon triton in unprecedented detail.
in august 1989 voyager 2 became the first and only probe to visit neptune.
and it's mission could help the arrival of new horizons at pluto next year.
footage of voyager 2's flyby of neptune's largest moon (animation above) has been restored by dr paul schenk of the lunar and planetary institute (lpi). the movie, using the best voyager map in colour, recreates the encounter with triton as voyager 2 ended its tour of the giant planets and began its trek into deep space in 1989.
2448	seth rogen shows us someone who is actively trying to grow up.
joseph gordon-levitt hits you hard with adam's anger and fear.
"50/50" generally avoids the terminal whimsy that swamps "restless"
2449	nida naseer left her parents' house in newport, south wales in december.
inquest told she vanished following an argument over 'cultural differences'
the 18-year-old student's body was found in marshland three months later.
inquest hears how her family's asylum claim had been turned down.
it meant her dreams of going to university lay in tatters, the inquest heard.
coroner told it is possible she may have fallen from a bridge into river usk.
but the circumstances surrounding teenager's death remain a mystery.
2450	elbe floods magdeburg, state capital of saxony-anhalt in eastern germany.
about 23,000 people left their homes in the city after losing power.
at least 21 flood-related deaths have been reported in central europe.
river danube has reached highest level in 500 years after days of rain.
thousands of volunteers are helping to shore up budapest's flood defences.
2451	two pops, similar to gunshots, were heard outside the white house at around 3:30pm monday.
moments later, three uniformed secret service officers arrested a middle-aged man on pennsylvania avenue, wrestling him to the ground.
he was wearing a blue t-shirt and shorts and lost his shoes in the scuffle.
the incident happened just hours after a gunman opened fire inside the washington navy yard, killing at least 12 people.
2452	interview was conducted in the oval office the day after obama said he would normalize relations with cuba – but held back for 11 days.
embassy in tehran would be the first since 1979 hostage crisis, which iranians still celebrate as the 'conquest of the american spy den'
obama said if iran proves it's not seeking nuclear weapons, it would become a 'very successful regional power'
claimed credit for isolating tehran through economic sanctions.
2453	melanie wowed in first lingerie campaign for ultimo.
says she has 'low-ish carb' diet, low alcohol intake.
swears by tablets with green tea extract.
ultimo adore moi is her first lingerie campaign.
joins michael buble's wife luisana lopilato as one of faces of brand.
2454	a woman who accused labour leader of rape has waived her right to anonymity to speak out against police investigation.
kathy, 44, says victoria police failed to properly investigate her rape allegation.
she claims mr shorten assaulted her at a young labor conference in 1986.
police confirmed earlier this year that no charges would be made.
on august 21 mr shorten said 'the allegation was untrue and abhorrent'
2455	nathan and laura whitfield met during a production of snow white.
laura, 24, was playing dopey while nathan, 35, was playing grumpy.
the couple, from sunderland, now have a baby son, also called nathan.
2456	new: trial resumes of kremlin critic aleksei navalny, on charges of embezzlement.
amnesty international and human rights watch accuse russia of stifling dissent.
hrw: government clampdown is "unprecedented in the country's post-soviet history"
russia's government has not responded to the criticisms.
2457	the entire board of the under-fire jamaican anti-doping commission resigns.
the resignations come after several sprinters failed drug tests this year.
those caught included the high-profile pair of veronica campbell-brown and asafa powell.
a former head of the commission said few drug tests were carried out in early 2012.
2458	us has conducted more than 80 air strikes on islamic militants this month.
australia could also join the us's air campaign, as well as extend its military role in iraq more generally.
the us is considering extending air strikes to syria.
2459	fifth-grader shyanne roberts went to her first firing range aged six.
franklinville, new jersey, girl now takes on adults in tournaments.
insists bad things do not happen when kids get hold of guns.
is now hoping to be an inspiration and leader to children her age.
competes using a gun covered in her favorite colors - purple and black.
with a busy training schedule - she insists homework still comes first.
2460	the bt deal strikes at the heart of two decades of football broadcasting dominance by sky.
it is likely to raise questions about whether bt is paying too much.
sky was prepared to increase its payments by a greater proportion, but could not match bt.
bt has pledged to make some games free even to those who do not have its pay tv platform.
2461	general sir miles dempsey was second-in-command to gen montgomery.
modest military man was crucial in organising successful d-day landings.
collection of his belongings are up for auction - including a diary.
but the book mysteriously strikes through the dates for d-day landing.
allied troops poured onto beaches of normandy in fight against hitler.
historic landing's 70th anniversary to be commemorated this week.
the lot also contains letters from montgomery and dwight eisienhower.
2462	natasha evans, 17, called mother trudi after spotting snake in bath tub.
family, from hebburn in tyne and wear, found former neighbours had been missing snake since july.
trudi said: 'i've got two hamsters, a dwarf rabbit, two cats and a dog - what if it had got hold of them?'
2463	internal audit of what's happening in va system effectively ends eric shinseki's job.
audit cites "questionable scheduling practices" signaling "a systemic lack of integrity"
additional audit will cover all remaining va facilities, suggesting scandal could grow.
report: va to ensure those "engaging in undesired practices are held accountable"
2464	service is being trialled at asda in york before being rolled out nationwide.
anything can be scanned, including people, then a digital model is created.
this detailed design is sent away to be printed in 3d ceramic.
scanner picks up individual colours and works out proportions exactly.
models can be scaled to whatever size the customer wants and start at £40.
2465	spectators saw 11,000 bulbs, sparkling faux-hedges in each shop window and two twinkling 30ft christmas trees in spectacular display.
2466	richard moller, from boulder, colorado saw an 'opportunity' to kill raccoons.
he allegedly jumped into a dumpster and attacked them with a plank of wood.
a witness interrupted him and said moller shouted: 'all raccoons must die'
police report says moller was angry because raccoons killed his cat.
he faces two counts of felony animal cruelty.
2467	ryan babel is the first footballer to be charged by fa over a twitter posting.
babel used a mock-up picture of referee howard webb and made derogatory comments.
the dutch international could face a ban if found guilty of charges.
2468	the actress has filed an emergency petition with the us district court asking the attorney general and the secretary of homeland security for a temporary restraining order to keep her children in the us.
she claims a california judge deported her children illegally.
two years ago, the california court ruled that kelly's ex-husband daniel griesch could take the children to live in france and spend vacations with kelly in the us.
now that the children are here with her, she is determined not to let them leave.
2469	miss balding is in a relationship with former newsreader alice arnold.
her grandmother read that the couple were dating in a newspaper article.
she told miss balding she thought her life-style choice was 'disgusting'
presenter also spoke candidly about being diagnosed with thyroid cancer.
she first noticed a lump on her throat while watching herself on tv.
added she 'pretended it wasn't happening' and that she 'couldn't take it in'
given the all-clear in 2011 and says her health in now 'fantastic'
also spoke about her family's reaction to her relationship with alice arnold.
2470	european champions spain drawn in five-nation group for qualifiers for 2012 event.
vicente del bosque's team face czech republic, scotland, lithuania and liechtenstein.
the 2008 runners-up germany drawn with turkey, who they beat in that year's semifinals.
world champions italy drawn with fellow world cup qualifiers slovenia and slovakia.
2471	darren bent will return to aston villa after being snubbed by paul lambert.
former england striker has been on loan at relegated fulham.
owner randy lerner wants the club to use all players at its disposal.
charles n'zogbia and alan hutton will also return to the frame.
2472	dozens killed when militants raid a sunni town.
at least 61 people are injured when their homes are shelled with grenades.
doctors could not reach the injured because the town is under siege.
saleh returns to yemen on saturday night.
2473	the comic will appear on season 3.
birbiglia appeared in "the fault in our stars"
there is no info on who he will portray.
2474	abu ghaith is charged with conspiring to kill americans in his role as al-qaida's spokesman after 9/11.
mohammed insists the flack had no prior knowledge of or involvement in any al qaida attacks.
the remarks were made in a sunday court filing.
2475	mi5 had been monitoring two fanatics responsible for se london killing.
one fanatic was photographed behind hate preacher anjem choudary.
michael adebolajo, 28, was also a member of a banned terrorist group.
he was said to have preached jihad in woolwich just earlier this week.
close to where married father lee rigby was beheaded on wednesday.
second suspect named last night in reports as michael adebowale, 22.
sources confirmed that 28-year-old adebolajo once served a jail sentence for violence;.
tory minister baroness warsi attacked broadcasters who give airtime to ‘extremist voices – idiots and nutters’ after choudary gave interviews on bbc tv and channel 4 news;.
it was revealed adebolajo was once intercepted by police as he attempted to travel to somalia to fight alongside al-shabaab;.
the conservative mp bob stewart demanded foreign-born preachers of hate should be ‘put on a plane out’ of britain;.
heavily-armed scotland yard officers made dawn raids at six homes across london and in lincoln;.
a man and a woman, both aged 29, were arrested on suspicion of joining the murderous conspiracy.
2476	i'm fiscally conservative, socially liberal and undecided, says cat del valle castellanos.
obama is now less of a rock star, but compared to romney, he's aerosmith, she says.
castellanos: i'm the demographic mitt romney needs to win over: young and female.
i may be young, but i'm certainly not worthless, and i'm not in the "47%," she says.
2477	australian magazine claims the pairs have a 'special relationship'
miss barks has been working out with crowe and singing with his band.
her father richard says the co-stars are 'simply friends'
2478	mandy lingard was sunbaking in her own backyard when a real estate drone flew over to take pictures of her neighbour's house.
the 50-year-old's topless sunbaking shot features on the for sale billboard of the mt martha home, south-east of melbourne.
mother of three says she been left humiliated after photos surfaced online.
eview real estate defended the use of drones but removed the billboard from the house on monday.
2479	properties on streets with innuendo-laden names were found to be around one fifth or £84,000 cheaper on average than other homes situated nearby.
minge lane in upton-upon-severn, worcestershire, was found to have the most embarrassment value.
forty per cent said that a street name which some people might find embarrassing would not put them off living there themselves.
rude-sounding name streets on average 22 per cent cheaper.
2480	authorities say a worker triggered the blackout when he removed a piece of monitoring equipment at a power substation.
power now fully restored for affected residents in southern california, arizona and mexico by saturday morning.
vandalism and robberies reported at san diego-area homes and businesses.
minor traffic accidents reported as outage caused mayhem on streets without stoplights.
2481	authorities estimate 8 to 10 million gallons of water spilled.
several inches of water covered the court at pauley pavilion.
firefighters rescued several people from inundated parking garages.
california had just passed statewide watering restrictions due to drought.
2482	first pope from outside europe in more than a millenium.
he is also the first jesuit to be elected to the papacy.
points to rising economic influence of latin america.
2483	cnn readers donate more than $17,000 to an environmental group in vietnam.
the group says it will use the money to create a public service announcement for the pangolin.
john sutter recently featured the pangolin as part of his change the list project.
the scale-covered mammal is being trafficked by the ton for its scales and meat.
2484	correspondent jon donnison's tweet implied injured girl was from gaza.
apologised for the error after it was picked up on by other twitter users.
2485	city banker thomas briggs, 70, was bludgeoned on train home in july 1864.
police chased franz muller, a german tailor, across the atlantic by boat.
muller was later convicted and hanged in front of a baying crowd at newgate.
2486	'urgent inquiries' by cabinet office into changes made over three years.
'blame liverpool fans' added on 20th anniversary of april 1989 tragedy.
phrase 'you’ll never walk alone' changed to 'you’ll never walk again'
margaret aspinall of hillsborough family support group: 'it's so sad'
2487	four 'faux fur' labelled items were purchased from various online stores by nbc's rossen reports and then examined in a laboratory.
neiman marcus, nordstrom rack and belk were found to be  'mislabeling' items by michael kors, aquatalia, jacadi and cluny.
all the brands apologized and cited 'clerical' and 'human' errors for the blunders.
pierre gryzbowski of the humane society claims that using real fur is often cheaper to produce than 'good faux fur'
2488	steve nicol believes arsenal's star signing was 'awful' against crystal palace.
liverpool legend claims sanchez's delivery was 'horrendous'
sanchez signed for £30million from barcelona.
2489	a couple sneaked into a stranger's flat and were discovered in a bedroom by residents who returned home later.
the residents filmed their walk of shame and posted it online.
it sparked a twitter storm.
2490	robert dolby, 74, guilty of murder, attempted murder,  and rape.
he killed woman and sexually assaulted and strangled another.
crimes took place in his flat in beausoleil outside monaco.
2491	five  teenagers died after crash in south yorkshire on saturday evening.
crash took place on a630 in conisbrough and left two others injured.
three males and two females, aged between 16 and 18 of doncaster, died.
all were travelling in the same car, a toyota, when the crash took place.
police described the deaths as 'absolutely horrific' and extremely sad.
a man driving the other car, a seat, suffered a broken leg in the accident.
it took place in foggy conditions, 100 yards from fatal crash three years ago.
police arrested a 21-year-old man, who may have been in a third car, on suspicion of dangerous driving and he has since been released on bail.
a630 is a long straight road with a 40mph limit and is flanked by woodland.
the road was closed for more than five hours as police tried to clear it.
2492	new jersey governor chris christie has lost half his weight loss goal since lap-band surgery in february.
he said he sleeps better and has more energy.
the 51-year-old has never disclosed his weight, but estimated he weighed 334 pounds before surgery.
image experts say he has more weight to lose to be considered a serious presidential contender.
2493	clarkson's controversial comment on show may have breached guidelines.
broadcasting watchdog ofcom is investigating potential transgression.
development comes soon after clarkson's alleged use of the n-word.
clarkson also criticised for naming black-haired dog after ivorian footballer.
he is also reportedly getting divorced from his wife of 21 years.
2494	bbc broadcaster admits his wife is 'very cross' with him.
he claimed embrace was a drunken farewell clinch with a colleague.
2495	sent 'devious dna letter' to dead man's cousin to prove her claim, court heard.
beverley jeffs, 52, also allegedly stole £70,000 from elderly woman in her care.
2496	first unscheduled landing occurred on london-boston route on friday.
second incident occurred on seattle-london route on sunday.
plane was taken out of service for an inspection after second landing.
2497	detroit tigers have signed david price from tampa bay rays.
price joins fellow cy young award winners max scherzer and justin verlander.
tigers are looking for  a fourth consecutive al central division title.
seattle mariners took austin jackson while tigers pitcher drew smyly and mariners infielder nick franklin were sent to the rays.
2498	fish able to distinguish composers around three quarters of the time.
they even developed personal tastes, claims study by japanese team.
2499	fuller, smith & turner demand that has seen volumes increase by 200% in the last five years.
the company has had success in selling a wide variety of drinks with different alcohol levels.
fuller, smith & turner exports to 68 countries around the world, roughly the equivalent of twelve million pints per year.
2500	woman taken hostage by man wielding a weapon in south west china.
cleaver held to woman's neck with man threatening to cut her throat.
police try to negotiate with the man but end up tackling him to the ground.
motive for taking the woman hostage still remains unclear.
2501	chrissie always had her five-a-day before she developed a severe allergic reaction to fresh fruits.
2502	kecil was born in january at a zoo in ohio but his mom rejected him.
search was on for a surrogate to look after him.
his new mom has cared for other babies before and is based at the milwaukee zoo.
2503	fish at sparks marina near reno, nevada, died from lack of oxygen.
biologists can't determine what is causing the loss of oxygen.
100,000 trout, bass and catfish washed up dead on the shores of the lake.
2504	police interview co-workers and arrest baggage handler dicarlo bennett, 28.
he was "playing around" when he allegedly detonated a dry ice bomb, police say.
"he thought it was funny," police say, and "had no intent to attack innocent victims"
he works with servisair, officials say; deputy police chief says he's jailed on $1 million bail.
2505	manchester united captain wayne rooney scored in his side's 4-0 victory.
thierry henry scored 175 league goals during his time at arsenal.
rooney needed 120 more games to reach henry's league goal tally.
alan shearer leads the way having scored 260 premier league goals.
2506	asiana airlines flight 214 crashed in san francisco over the summer.
a law firm representing the plaintiffs wants to hold boeing partly liable.
three people were killed and more than 180 were hurt.
2507	five-hour flight lasts more than 10 after severe weather diverts it.
situation on virgin america 404 turned ugly when crew lashed out, passenger says.
virgin america apologizes, says passengers were able to deplane.
effective april 29, airlines have to pay fines for tarmac delays of more than 3 hours.
2508	scientists were able to peer 33 to 50 feet beneath the sea of serenity.
close to the site where nasa's final manned lunar effort, the apollo 17 mission, landed.
revealed details in two lunar locales, the sea of serenity and a crater called aristillus.
2509	alicia davis and charlotte coulson repeatedly stabbed man in neck.
the pair planned their attack on michael kerr in text messages.
women claimed michael kerr raped them and they acted in self defence.
davis was jailed for 25 years and coulson for at least 20 years.
2510	state-owned firm reveals big jump in profits fuelled by internet shoppers.
increase in stamp prices and extra junk mail bolster revenues.
government plans to sell it off in a £3billion stock market flotation this year.
vince cable says company still faces 'fundamental threat’ from email.
2511	tina oliver, 44, from harrogate went from a 19st size 26 to an 11st size 10.
used to eat only junk food and had a dangerously bmi of 43.
lost the weight using a slimming aid favoured by ancient egyptians.
malory band string sits round the waist to remind you not to eat too much.
it will feel tight and pinch if you eat past feeling full.
you shorten the string as you slim, ensuring the weight keeps dropping.
tina also joined slimming world and started running.
2512	deputy pm names billionaire elon musk as green motoring adviser.
but his vesla firm has bit hit by bad headlines over cars destroyed by fire.
company has also posted poor trading figures for the £60,000 cars.
aide to nick clegg insists he will not have to follow his recommendations.
2513	prince will fly out in january after spending christmas with the duchess of cambridge.
longest time newlyweds would have been apart.
kate said to be very supportive of deployment.
william will co-pilot sea king helicopter on rescue missions.
conditions on island 'bleak' but military base does have sporting facilities.
2514	jamaica road in south london has the worst traffic jams at rush hour.
the worst route outside london is the a5081 park way in manchester.
2515	wu yebin and an wei live in rural china where homosexuality remains largely taboo.
they dream of seeing same-sex marriage becoming legal in china one day.
homosexuality not illegal in china, long-removed from official list of "mental disorders"
activists and experts agree that prejudices and discrimination persist.
2516	a new report shows over one million australians are in the 'millionaires club'
however, the average aussie will take 97 years to hit the millionaire mark.
a normal 30-year-old saving just over $142 dollars a week would take 97 years to become a millionaire.
those who live in a capital city are likely to save 21 percent more than those living outside capital cities.
baby boomers are the wealthiest of the nation.
2517	letter by private michael lennon, of 1st battalion royal dublin fusiliers to his brother frank.
in it the soldier wrote: 'well frank, i suppose we are for it tomorrow, if we don't get shelled on the way'
ceremony held in st symphorien.
military cemetery - only first world war cemetery to honour fallen from both sides.
2518	daniel sturridge only started dancing after scoring because his favourite celebration of pulling his shirt over his head would get him yellow carded.
the laws of the game say an official should caution a player for 'unsporting behaviour' if he 'removes his jersey or shirt over his head'
he returned after a five-month absence and scored against west ham.
'it's the worst experience - watching from the sidelines when you're a player,' the england striker admits after his injury layoff.
click here for all the latest liverpool news.
2519	floyd mayweather has selected bolton as one of six english venues on his world tour of public appearances.
bolton is the home town of amir khan, the british boxer desperate to fight mayweather for his wba and wbc welterweight belts.
khan's representatives are expected to be at bolton's reebok stadium for this appearance.
this has lead to speculation that both fighters will agree a match-up.
2520	marwan, four, was found by un workers near the border of syria and jordan after he was separated from his family.
the little boy, one of one million children forced to flee syria since the conflict began, was reunited with his mother.
130,000 killed and 2.5 million forced to flee the country in the ‘disgraceful humanitarian calamity’ of the syrian civil war.
2521	"we are considering all our options" against arizona law, eric holder says.
attorney general tells nbc a lawsuit could be based on possible civil rights violations.
arizona law allows police to ask anyone for proof of legal u.s. residency.
city councils in flagstaff and tucson plan to sue the state over the law.
2522	this page includes the show transcript, the daily curriculum, and maps.
use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day, key concepts, fast facts and discussion questions.
at the bottom of the page, please share your feedback about our show and curriculum.
2523	jason corkovic was jailed for a failed robbery plot with two others.
as part of sentencing, police applied for a serious crime prevention order which bans them from wearing hoods nears shops, banks and cash vans.
corkovic argued he needed a hoodie for work and to keep the rain off his head following his release.
the judge rejected the plea and suggested corkovic wear a flat cap.
the order also restricts the wearing of fake moustaches, beards or any face coverings in public.
2524	doug coulter has used components from other machines to create reactor.
he calls nuclear fusion the 'holy grail' of safe, clean, abundant energy.
the gunsmith says it could put world's energy companies out of business.
2525	accident happened inside a police building in putney.
the policeman, in his 30s, is currently in hospital in south london.
mps.
directorate of professional standards is investigating.
2526	according to local north carolina press, she will be a waitress at one point.
kate was spotted filming in raleigh, north carolina, in december.
it will be fun to guess which life she'll test-drive next.
2527	youtube has officially launched its new trueview ad format.
trueview allows visitors to avoid watching ads they're not interested in.
other option allows users to select which ad to watch.
2528	not sure where to start? head to the tiny bars along rue vieille du temple.
a veritable temple to opulence, hotel costes was designed byjacques garcia.
in the evening head east into the slowly gentrifying neighborhood of belleville.
2529	german chancellor has told the knesset of germany's "holocaust shame"
angela merkel became first german chancellor to address israeli parliament.
she called on iran to prove it did not want the bomb.
merkel said she supports the two-state solution to the mideast conflict.
2530	trio enter "not guilty" pleas in connection with model's 2007 death.
smith's lawyer and two doctors accused of supplying her with drugs.
smith, 39, died of "acute combined drug intoxication" in february 2007.
2531	james mcdonald, 86, plowed a pickup truck into jennifer cook and her mother barbara cook on a syracuse road on march 14.
jennifer died and her mother was seriously injured.
mcdonald, from new york, hit the women after swerving to avoid rear-ending a car ahead of him.
he won't face criminal charges but has been ticketed for passing a red light and failure to keep right.
2532	charlotte fell ill with the most deadly form of meningitis just two weeks before christmas in 2010.
doctors saved her life but had to amputate her limbs below the knees and elbows.
she was fitted with nhs prosthetic limbs in june 2011 but can walk comfortably for the first time after an anonymous donor bought her cutting edge limbs.
2533	sabul miah has been missing from standford hill prison for at least 3 days.
it is the same open prison from which skull cracker escaped in may.
miah was let out on day release on thursday but has yet to return.
he was given two life sentences for violently robbing at least 15 pensioners.
this included slashing the throat of a second world war veteran.
2534	afghan couple paid british trafficker £2,000 to smuggle them into britain.
dwight johnson hid them and their baby in the boot of his car for 5 hours.
he gave the four-month-old baby a sedative to keep it quiet at customs.
but police near the channel tunnel in calais found the hidden family.
jamaican-born johnson, from london, was jailed for 10 months.
2535	caroline kennedy presents her credentials as ambassador to japan's emperor akihito.
she has described herself as "humbled" to carry forward her father's legacy "in a small way"
her father, john f. kennedy, fought against japan and later wanted to visit as president.
this week marks the 50th anniversary of his assassination.
2536	the trench maps cover europe between 1915 and 1918 and were digitised by the national library of scotland.
they.
reveal the changing front line and its communication.
trenches, as well as the location of enemy positions.
maps also highlight artillery gun emplacements, machine guns, mines, wire entanglements, and observation posts.
a.
selection of the maps record the names that soldiers gave the trenches,.
as well as the names of nearby landmarks.
it is estimated more than 34 million british maps of the.
western front were printed between 1914 and 1918.
2537	anthony bourdain revisits his early culinary stomping ground on cape cod.
he also looks at a heroin epidemic raging in western massachusetts.
addiction is part of bourdain's own story.
2538	dr christopher driskill, a married dad with four kids, 'kept a stash of alcohol at work, drank on the job and worked while under the influence'
he 'had sex with multiple patients and former staff members'
he 'wrote lewd notes on medical charts and left women to give birth alone'
driskill, the incoming president of the new mexico medical society, has now been suspended by the state medical board and his license is under review.
2539	bodies of the victims are still being found throughout eastern bosnia and  identified through dna analysis.
so far 5,325 srebrenica massacre victims found have been laid to rest.
thousands of muslim men and boys were slaughtered in july 1995 by serb troops led by gen. ratko mladic.
dutch troops stationed as u.n. peacekeepers were undermanned and outgunned and failed to stop the slaughter.
2540	three unnamed british men and three italians were arrested in paris.
three police national guard officers also arrested in caracas, venezuela.
the haul had a street value of £160m - the largest ever in mainland france.
it was found stashed in suitcases, none of which were under men's names.
2541	gareth southgate's side have already secured top spot in their group.
england will face a two leg contest in october to secure a trip to euro 2015.
senior stars eligible such as jack wilshere, alex oxlade-chamberlain, phil jones and raheem sterling won't be selected if england qualify.
calum chambers and john stones also played in senior win against norway.
2542	gedling borough council 'aggressive' in chasing trevor evans, 80.
trevor evans's illness 'made it difficult for him to deal with financial matters'
2543	al qaeda fanatic will be able to mingle more freely with fellow students.
man has tried to get into afghanistan on numerous occasions for terrorism training.
he also visited olympic venues in london despite being banned.
2544	star gets rave reviews for role as waitress who lures a man from his family.
but wilson, 32, admits she is a 'prude' when it comes to x-rated scenes.
adds she was 'intent on telling a story' while filming the explicit material.
2545	ruben navarrette notes rahm emanuel may run for chicago mayor.
immigration reformers there may be unimpressed with his past obstruction on issue, he says.
if rep. gutierrez, immigration reform supporter, also decides to run, expect fireworks.
navarrette: emanuel didn't lead on immigration; his boss, the president, also derelict on issue.
2546	mega millions winner comes forward, but asks to remain anonymous.
ticket sold at 7-eleven location in milford mill, maryland.
mcdonald's worker mirlande wilson, 37, previously said she lost ticket but has not spent a lot of time looking for it.
$656million jackpot was the largest in mega millions history.
2547	united states captain landon donovan is poised for a january switch to everton.
the english premier league club confirms talks are underway about a loan move.
the 27-year-old will lead his country in opening world cup group match against england.
he will join everton on january 2 if talks are successful and stay until mid-march.
2548	witness tells inquest mark duggan was still holding phone as he collapsed.
the fatal shooting in august 2011 sparked riots across london and other parts of britain.
witness says mr duggan had his hands up in surrender when he was shot.
2549	australian swimmer alicia coutts claims her fourth gold medal of commonwealth games.
cyclist cameron meyer wins his third as australia race ahead in medals table.
three english swimmers claim second golds, but australia dominates in the pool.
hosts india have continued success in shooting and wrestling events.
2550	official describes network of tunnels allegedly used by guzman.
joaquin "el chapo" guzman is longtime boss of powerful drug trafficking operations.
guzman has been included in forbes' world's most powerful people list.
dea veteran: "it is a significant arrest provided he gets extradited immediately"
2551	clayton osbon, 49, was charged with interference with a flight crew and was facing a possible 20 years in prison.
a psychological report stated he was suffering severe mental disease or defect at the time of the incident.
2552	amanda knox's attorney says appeal is certain, too soon to talk of extradition.
italian court finds amanda knox, ex-boyfriend guilty of murder in retrial.
knox says the legal proceedings have gotten out of hand, are perverted.
both were convicted previously of british student's murder, later acquitted on appeal.
2553	the film stars henry cavill who will also be the "man of steel"
john hurt and luke evans share the role of zeus, king of the gods.
the movie offers the usual special effects, but reviewer says it's "visually blah"
2554	accountancy student brittany molina, 21, posted the handwritten note on twitter... which went viral.
2555	filipe luis joined chelsea from atletico madrid for £16m this summer.
the left back has only started two premier league this season.
brazil international luis took part in a fan q&a at stamford bridge.
the 29-year-old admitted he can't cook and is a massive film buff.
luis hijacked a photo that didier drogba was taking of the floodlit pitch.
2556	this year, the majority of undocumented immigrants caught were from central america.
typically, most of the apprehensions are of mexican nationals.
mexican economic gains have slowed migration.
2557	youth coalition seeks to help egypt transition to a civil democratic state.
some younger members say they feel isolated from the islamist organization.
"our motives are different," says 35-year-old islam lotfy.
2558	liverpool were dumped out of the europa league by besiktas in istanbul.
the reds only won one of their six champions league group games.
brendan rodgers' side scored just six goals in eight european games.
liverpool are the premier league's form team and are unbeaten in 11.
click here for all the latest liverpool news.
2559	li shuang, 39, lost half his left leg to a cancerous tumour a decade ago.
feared he wouldn't find work so offered to decorate homes free of charge.
orders flowed in and he now runs successful business employing 40 people.
2560	dip-dye eyelashes are set to take festival scene by storm.
made from silk fibre with coloured tips that have been pre-dyed at ends.
ombre hair was championed by kylie jenner and cheryl cole.
2561	michael phelps wins men's 200 meters individual medley.
first individual gold of london games for swimming legend.
rebecca soni breaks world record in women's 200m breaststroke.
ranomi kromowidjojo snaps american dominance in women's 100m freestyle.
2562	new: the ship is stable and poses no danger.
a fishing boat swept up in a tsunami is spotted near canadian islands.
the owner has been identified, a japanese official says.
the boat is part of a giant debris field making its way toward north america.
2563	arab-americans fear census information may be used against them, leader says.
"here is a chance to tell the whole world we exist," arab-american leader says.
national census return rate is 52 percent as of april 1.
2564	top 10 list compiled to celebration international kissing day.
ranks kenya as the best place for couples thanks to out of africa.
top 10 includes paris and before sunset, and tokyo's lost in translation.
2565	kaiba gionfriddo stopped breathing daily and had to receive cpr.
doctors tried the equivalent of a "hail mary" pass.
they created a splint on a 3-d printer to enable him to breathe.
2566	students across australian universities who signed up for a sugar daddy has increased by 25 per cent over the past year.
new south wales had the most sugar babes with more than 500 students turning to wealthy sugar daddies.
university of sydney topped the list with 207 registered students, according to seeking arrangements.
gold coast tripled over the past year, with 142 griffith university students registered - up from 44, while bond university jumped from 21 to 100.
sugar daddies currently living across australia are providing between $3000 to $20,000 allowance per month to their 'babies'
an average sugar baby's age is 19-26 and the average sugar daddy is as young as 39.
2567	ex-prime minister plans first speech in commons since november 2011.
former labour leader will call for two remploy factories to be saved.
2568	nigeria's cc hub is an innovation space where tech-savvy people share ideas.
founder bosun tijani wants the hub to be the birthplace of nigeria's next big innovation.
those involved work together to build tech solutions to community problems.
cc hub helped host lagos social media week last month.
2569	blunt pictured with fellow public school boys such as david cameron.
was on front cover of magazine under words 'does it pay to be to posh'
said 'i won't be picking up the soap when this party moves to the showers'
gay rights charity stonewall condemned the old harrovian's comments.
2570	deputy prime minister nick clegg announces £600m free meals policy.
he claims it will improve attainment, child health and save parents cash.
£150million offered for schools to extend kitchens and dining halls.
but department for education insists £80m 'underspend' does not exist.
senior lib dem source hits back saying: 'the dfe is talking b*******'
downing street backs mr clegg and insists the dfe is wrong.
2571	new glasses, repaired back, rick perry is on the move.
he is reengaging with the gop's conservative base.
immigration helped sink his 2012 presidential campaign.
but it's putting him back in the spotlight now with his obama meeting.
2572	wasps will relocate to coventry's ricoh arena in december this year.
fans are angered by move, particularly the 2,700 season ticket holders.
chief executive nick eastwood urges fans to 'throw eggs' at him.
he does not want the fans' frustration to be taken out on the players.
2573	experts are in 'final stages of cracking code' of craft.
officials say drone 'violated' iran airspace in 'hostile act'
2574	scientists started noticing the mass deaths in june of 2013.
both wild starfish and those in captivity have been affected by the mysterious phenomenon.
entire populations have been wiped out in puget sound.
2575	mma fighter jonathan koppenhaver - who legally changed his name to war machine -has posted a several lines of verse to twitter defending himself.
christy mack was 'beaten by her ex' last month at her las vegas home and sustained a blowout fracture to her left eye.
she also had her nose broken in two places, smashed teeth and internal injuries including a lacerated liver.
the 23-year-old managed to escape the august 8 attack by running naked from her home to neighbors' properties for help.
koppenhaven has been charged with attempted murder and is being held without bail.
2576	in 2004, 22% of americans voted early and that rate rose to 34% in 2008.
early voting has changed the times when voters hit the polls, and changed the way campaigns run.
while voters are taking advantage of early voting, impact on turnout is mixed and can cost governments more.
400,000 voters were disenfranchised in 2008 because they improperly filled out their absentee ballots.
2577	advert features a thin, pale-looking woman talking about being 'hooked'
drug support group said it 'trivialises the issue of addiction'
advertising standards authority is looking into the 'offensive' advert.
2578	state police: motorist shoots at cops after they pull over son.
police find two bodies, believed to be from north carolina, in one of the vehicles.
drivers facing charges.
2579	wales take on england in the six nations opener on friday night.
the midfield battle is set to be a key component to the match.
england must chase their kicks well to stop wales counter-attacking threat.
2580	julie griffiths breached order by 'swearing' loudly at spouse norman.
the angry wife was first ordered to be quiet by the council in 1999.
griffiths blamed stress of long shifts at work forcing her to let off steam.
she faced up to 5 years in jail but received conditional discharge and fine.
2581	nick clegg's party calls to lessons to counter 'distorted view of sex'
ex-tv presenter floella benjamin to launch policy at party conference.
demands web users be made to request access to porn on all devices.
warns of long-term effects on young minds of abusive material.
also calls for curbs on suicide and eating disorder websites.
2582	cnn sits down with george clinton for a red chair interview.
the p-funk mastermind says his music and fans have kept him going.
he pursues piracy issues and tirelessly fights to protect artists' work.
2583	alaska, oregon and district of columbia recently legalized marijuana.
jeffrey miron: state legalization is not enough; what u.s. needs is federal legalization.
he says federal prohibition is a problem; doctors and researchers are afraid to use it.
miron: given marijuana's potential in medicine, congress should make it legal.
2584	luke jackel, 22, posted several updates on facebook while in jail.
he joked about getting drunk, staying up late and that he would ride his sentence 'like a soldier'
he might not be punished because it is believed he has been granted early release.
he was sentenced to two years, nine months for committing knifepoint robbery in 2011.
2585	west yorkshire police's nicholas mcfadden exploited 'slack' procedures.
dc and his brother conspired to sell drugs back to underworld contacts.
they had lifestyle of exotic holidays, designer clothing and costly artwork.
brother simon mcfadden also indulged his love of expensive sausages.
he bought number plate for wife's car which read m2 sxy ('i'm too sexy')
2586	detroiter james robertson, 56, walks about 21 miles a day, round trip.
works in an industrial plastic molding plant - producing high specification parts for clients such as am general - maker of the humvee car.
robertson rides bus ride part-way to his hourly job and part-way home.
he says he loves his job and his colleagues but buses are limited.
claims he can't afford a car on $10.55 an hour.
occasionally others heading his direction stop and offer him lifts.
2587	amber stepped out with bright pink and blue hair on catwalk at fashion night out westfield.
2588	77 fusion centers were created to encourage law enforcement agencies to share intelligence.
report says the information-sharing effort cost the federal government from $300million-$1.4billon.
one fusion center reported a muslim community group's reading list.
congress is likely to keep the fusion center program.
2589	each year, baby jesus figurines are stolen from nativity scenes.
brickhouse security is giving free gps tracking devices to churches to monitor their jesus figurines.
the matchbox sized device is attached to the figurines and tracked online.
this is the eighth year brickhouse security has offered its 'save jesus' program.
2590	judy murray, 54, has broken up with long-term boyfriend phil reid, 48.
tennis coach said to be in 'advanced stages' of strictly come dancing talks.
couple bought £815,000 'dream home' in bridge of allan, stirlingshire in 2012.
marriage to andy's father willie ended when tennis ace was nine.
2591	re-designed fuji speedway to host its first japanese grand prix since 1977.
suzuka to alternate with fuji from 2009.
computer models used to prepare teams for the unfamiliar circuit.
2592	anais fournier, from maryland, had heart attack brought on by 'caffeine toxicity' two days before christmas last year.
her parents have launched wrongful death suit over 'death trap' drink.
monster is the leading u.s. energy drink.
by volume with 39% of market.
energy drink, described by the company as 'killer energy brew', contains seven times the amount of caffeine as can of cola.
2593	khaled elgindy: any gaza truce won't last without a more farsighted approach.
elgindy: reality is hamas is here to stay, and grievances of both sides must be addressed.
conflict makes hamas politically stronger, while palestinian authority is weak, he says.
elgindy: the two must be reconciled, cooperate and be included in peace process.
2594	alyce zeoli, a buddhist leader, pressed interstate stalking charges against william cassidy.
cassidy published more than 8,000 tweets about zeoli often wishing death upon her.
the judge dismissed cassidy's indictment because it violated the first amendment.
judge says the amendment protects free speech and didn't constitute a 'true threat'
2595	35% of scottish voters want to see a labour-snp coalition after election.
blow for miliband as less than 20% want a labour majority government.
collapse in support for labour scuppers chance of an overall majority.
alex salmond to return to westminster as an mp after may 7.
2596	newcastle united beat liverpool 1-0 at st james' park on saturday.
ayoze perez grabbed only goal of the premier league encounter.
spain under-21 striker has netted two goals in a week for his club.
he also won two awards in spain for his efforts at tenerife last season.
magpies have now won four games in a row and youngsters have starred.
2597	bobby brown was pictured heading towards emory university hospital with his wife and one of his daughters on wednesday morning.
bobbi kristina brown, 21, was moved to the hospital on monday, two days after she was found face-down in a bathtub in her home.
the family has remained tight-lipped about her condition but have acknowledged that she is fighting for her life after oxygen deprivation.
2598	glass onion catering recalls more than 181,000 pounds of ready-to-eat salads and sandwich wrap products.
there have been reports of 26 people sickened.
15 have been tied to recalled products.
e. coli o157:h7 is a potentially deadly bacterium that can cause dehydration, bloody diarrhea and abdominal cramps.
2599	middle east respiratory syndrome coronavirus poses threat to 'entire world'
a 49-year-old qatari man has become the third to die from virus in britain.
he had visited saudi arabia, where the majority of cases have been reported, before falling ill.
so far there have been 77 confirmed cases - with 41 of them proving fatal.
2600	migrationwatch uk said 1.3 million children have been born to immigrants.
the think-tank complains that these children are not counted by the ons.
a report claims the population has increased by 4.6 million since 2001.
migrationwatch uk said immigration placed services under pressure.
they also claimed that large numbers of immigrants were lowering wages.
2601	the ig nobel awards celebrate the weirdest and funniest scientific discoveries.
researchers who found being drunk makes people think they are more attractive won the psychology prize.
probability prize went to a study that predicted the behaviour of cows.
awards were handed out by nobel laureates at an annual ceremony.
2602	at around 6.35pm gmt the comet ison flew towards the sun.
astronomers predicted the heat would cause it to disintegrate and initial images appeared to confirm this.
yet shortly after the flyby unusual lights were seen suggesting otherwise.
scientists are now unsure what happened to the 'comet of the century'
2603	conservative historian lee edwards ranks best and worst vp picks since 1950s.
al gore makes good list for bringing washington experience to '92 democratic ticket.
dan quayle makes the bad list for his verbal slip-ups.
"crucial choice: the next vice president" airs friday at 10 pm et on ac 360°.
2604	the chinese factory fire killed 121 workers and badly injured another 76.
two bosses have been jailed for its unsafe conditions and poor equipment.
survivors reported chaos as workers were trapped behind locked doors.
company boss sentenced to nine years jail and fire chiefs given five years.
2605	37-year-old arrested under terrorism laws over suspected link to conflict.
he is suspected of having built ieds like those used against coalition troops.
suspect being held in london police station while officers search his home.
reports in 2005 stated fighters had moved from britain to help insurgents.
2606	stephanie mariam from bournemouth spends £800 a month on pet harvey.
the pomeranian's outfits cost £140 a month and his 'pawdicures' cost £60.
he receives gifts worth hundreds of pounds from fans in egypt and asia.
2607	uk set to enjoy temperatures of up to 27c this weekend with forecasters predicting a warm night for olympics closing ceremony.
it looks like a wet sunday afternoon, so enjoy the sun while you can.
2608	phyllis hall was 28 when president john f kennedy was shot in 1963.
she described being dragged into the operating room in a bid to revive him.
mrs hall, now 78, claims she saw a bullet which, apparently, was bizarrely unmarked despite being lodged in his body.
she also says it looked nothing like ones later produced in investigations.
2609	karla cabo, 29, of south jordan allegedly posed as a karla stirling fierro using a false bar number.
she reportedly opened a fake law office for which she even hired an actual attorney.
cabo allegedly represented at least one client in court in a criminal case in which she signed legal papers on the suspect's behalf.
2610	independent review by former fbi director robert s. mueller iii said the nfl should have obtained all the information about the february attack.
the report did not find any evidence that the nfl had received a copy of the footage in april, as an official had previously claimed.
rice was suspended for two games but after the video emerged in september he was released by the ravens and suspended indefinitely.
he successfully appealed the suspension and remains a free agent.
2611	two executives also given prison terms over £4.9m bribes to john maylam.
high-flying buyer blew £350,000 on monaco holiday, drove an aston martin and was handed hundreds of thousands in cash stuffed in envelopes.
andrew behagg and david baxter paid for lavish gifts with funds built up by inflating the prices it charged sainsbury's for potatoes.
2612	this scowling silverback mountain gorilla was captured yawning and settling down for a snooze on a rainy day in rwanda.
the impressive creature had taken shelter from the drizzle amid the vegetation in the virunga mountains.
2613	tropical storm arthur is expected to bring heavy rains, flooding and thunderstorms to the east coast from north carolina to new england later this week.
worst of the storm could hit new york and new england late friday - just in time to rain out barbeques and fireworks.
weather is expected to clear and make way for sun on saturday and sunday.
2614	european champions league final will see two of the continent's giant clubs meet in madrid.
clash will pitch portugal's jose mourinho and holland's louis van gaal in a head-to-head.
cnn will build up to the big match with pedro pinto and alex thomas live from madrid at 1600 gmt.
2615	edward tom died in a weekend fall in grand teton national park, rangers say.
he was caught in a storm while searching for a campsite and fell nearly 100 feet.
the park is located in northwestern wyoming, outside jackson.
2616	george p. bush is the son of former florida governor jeb bush, and the nephew and grandson to two former u.s. presidents.
he was accompanied by son prescott in the voting booth tuesday as he runs for texas land commissioner.
bush easily won the republican nomination and goes up against former el paso mayor john cook in the november general election.
2617	reverend jim percival and his daughter ruth, 28, have been bailed.
police investigating death of newborn found at their vicarage last week.
officers called on tuesday after reports miss percival had a stillbirth.
but senior officers later declared death in lancashire to be suspicious.
regular congregation members were unaware daughter was pregnant.
relatives said he took a dim view on illegitimate pregnancies.
2618	condemned killer ronnie lee gardner testifies at commutation hearing.
he is schedule to be executed by firing squad on june 18.
family members of victims differ on support of the death penalty.
utah board of pardons and parole will announce its decision on monday.
2619	in hong kong, there's something a little different about running team fearless dragons.
members of the group are either blind or deaf, and have competed in marathons worldwide.
fearless dragons is now made up of almost 60 runners, and was founded by kim mok, who lost his vision aged 13.
2620	mr abdullaev said he ate their friend 'not because i was hungry'
olga korochkin, 38, says she has been left with her husband's foot with toes.
she described her husband being eaten as 'a horror' that has ruined her life.
she appealed to russian president vladimir putin to help out in the case.
but a judge gave the cannibal a three year suspended sentence.
2621	singles winners at the u.s. open tennis tournament will receive $3 million.
ten years ago roger federer took home $1 million for bagging the title.
total prize money in 2014 climbs to $38.3 million, an increase of 11.7% from 2013.
each round in the singles competition sees double-digit rises.
2622	hannah bennett, 35, of bovington, dorset, caught on cctv abusing her dog.
mace the staffordshire bull terrier was kicked so hard his abdomen was damaged, he had blood in his urine and needed 10 days to recover.
appalled witnesses had to wrestle the dog from violent bennett's grip.
today, she was spared jail but  banned from owning animals for five years.
2623	a sinkhole on a maryland road tuesday morning almost completely absorbed a family's car.
darwin mendoza says he was in the car with his 8-year-old son, and two daughters, a 4-year-old and a 6-month-old baby, when it hit the hole as he was backing out of his driveway.
the sinkhole is located in bladensburg on edmonston road in bladensburg, the washington suburban sanitary commission said.
it was due to a 12-inch water main breaking that is 90 years old.
wssc said 15 feet of pipe need to be replaced and that 77 people do not have water.
2624	daryl parks claims words used by wilson could justify civil rights case.
he says use of 'demonic' to describe teenager cast him in a negative light.
added both sides needed chance to work out their differences, but matter could be settled with litigation.
last week, grand fury decided not to  indict wilson for the fatal shooting.
decision sparked a fresh wave of protests in ferguson, missouri.
2625	lubna al-hussein's case is scheduled to continue august 4.
al-hussein, 18 others were rounded up this month for wearing indecent clothes.
ten arrestees have received 40 lashes, al-hussein says.
al-hussein was told her pants were too tight, her blouse too transparent.
2626	jamie lee peterson, 39, freed after michigan court vacated conviction.
confessed to the 1996 murder during questioning but recanted this.
new dna evidence found at the scene has proved another unidentified man committed rape and murder of geraldine montgomery.
2627	trucks delivering ready-to-eat meals and evacuating new jersey city, located across hudson river from new york.
more than half of its 50,000 residents are affected by flooding and the water is infested with sewage and live wires.
mayor dawn.
zimmer had pleaded for guard's help on monday, saying thousands.
of residents were stuck in homes.
2628	nicholas sayre, a 17-year-old junior at lincoln high school in portland, said he noticed the driver's tendency to doze off weeks ago.
worried about his safety, he recorded the video and shared it with his parents and teachers.
the driver has since been fired, though his identity has not been revealed.
2629	unmanned drones have become president obama's weapon of choice in war.
but fears are growing over their use on a domestic level.
police forces in u.s already keen to deploy drones to catch criminals.
campaigners across political spectrum left worried about personal privacy.
images published in this article were first published in the march edition of national geographic magazine.
2630	militant group al-shabaab imposes strict interpretation of law in areas it controls.
women violate law by not wearing socks, headscarves and by wearing bras.
"al-shabaab dispatched men with whips to the streets," witness says.
al-shabaab is considered a terrorist organization by the united states.
2631	private matthew thornton stepped on an improvised explosive device.
regiment had come under fire from grenades and small arms.
described as 'a cracking soldier who gave 100 per cent'
2632	when gareth prendergast left for afghanistan to fly tornado fighter bombers his son was yet to walk.
but after returning from a six month stint, toddler felix, one, walked up to him helped along by his older brother.
his wife rachel said her husband and son would have a 'great time bonding all over again'
2633	another five years of pain to get britain back into the black by 2019.
one in five public sector jobs to be axed over the next five years.
total spending to fall to just 35% of gdp, down from 45% in 2009-10.
2634	christie says the president hasn't done enough to crack down on palestinian militant groups like hamas.
the new jersey governor says israel no longer trusts that it has the support of the u.s. because obama hasn't taken a firm enough stand against hamas.
hamas has been launching rocket attacks against israel for the past several days.
israel has hit back with air strikes.
the president publicly said that israel has the right to defend itself from hamas members in gaza.
christie declined to say whether he felt the u.s. should intervene in the conflict.
2635	william cornick to serve at least 20 years for killing ann maguire in leeds.
former magistrate penelope gibbs says teenager's sentence is too long.
comments criticised as 'stupid' on twitter, but others give her support.
2636	consumers looking to get a bargain on a foreclosed home need to be careful.
buyers should inspect the house and the neighborhood before buying.
budget carefully for unexpected repairs.
hud homes are carefully priced and include property condition report.
2637	kids get the impression from the likes of kim kardashian that any attention is good.
dr. jodi gold writes that parents need to use kardashian as a teaching tool for teens.
monitoring teen social media in secret is a mistake parents make, gold says.
regular and honest feedback from parents about kids' online personae is necessary.
2638	"dumb and dumber to' is a sequel 20 years after the fact.
the reviews have not been great.
hollywood loves to revisit old shows and movies.
2639	tickets to sold out chelsea flower show is being sold for £575.
second-fastest ticket sell out in chelsea flower show history.
show will see the return of alan titchmarsh for the first time in 30 years.
2640	u.s. supreme court says marriage recognition not currently required.
utah is appealing after judge rejected state ban on same-sex marriages.
issue will have to go through the appeals process.
same-sex wedding licenses put on hold in colorado counties.
2641	average dress size has grown from 12 to 16 in just over a decade.
but many stores are still displaying the latest trends on size 10 dummies.
equalities minister jo swinson calls for a change in the culture of fashion.
2642	northlandz took 16 years to build and boasts 100 trains, 400 bridges, and 3,000 miniature buildings.
2643	the atlanta-based consumer advocate makes announcement on radio show.
"i just wanted to give it to you right form the horse's mouth," howard says.
biopsy reveals "small, isolated pocket of cancer" in early stages, he says.
the radio show host, best-selling author tells women to urge men to get check-ups.
2644	the stunt was filmed by action sports film producer aussie adrenalin.
it took place at a private air field just outside of maitland, nsw.
the rider, 28-year-old joel brown, is the current australian freestyle motocross champion.
brown says there are plans to take the stunt to an international audience.
2645	gogulan pvel, 24, got trapped half way across nevsky prospekt.
at one point, the russian daredevil hung on with just an elbow and a leg.
pvel.
managed to hoist himself to safety, and denied the stunt was a failure.
2646	atlanta bar owner converts bbq smoker into robot to chase off drug dealers, others.
"bum-bot" is armed with a water gun and loudspeaker.
cops frown upon spraying water at bystanders, say it could be assault.
2647	john terry is fit to play in chelsea's champions league semi-final.
blues captain has stated he wants to stay at the club until end of his career.
he credits mourinho for saving his career after being snubbed by benitez.
eto'o and hazard have also returned from injury but cech is ruled out.
chelsea loanee courtois will make his stamford bridge debut... for atletico.
2648	elen meirion had got up in the night to go to the toilet when she fell.
tests on her blood showed she was two and a half times the legal limit for driving.
2649	festival of diwali began on november 11 and is celebrated for several days afterward by millions of hindus across the world.
houses are decorated with scores of small oil lamps to commemorate the legend of the return of the hindu god rama.
your photos include beautiful decorations, colorful rangolis, tasty treats and plenty of celebration.
2650	low-cost carrier flyniki to introduce new 30-mile flight in april this year.
the intercontinental journey takes just an hour by car or even less by train.
airline say flights make sense if you have a connecting flight from vienna.
2651	new: an opposition figure calls on pakistan government to refuse u.s. aid.
the attacks are in retaliation for the death of bin laden, pakistani taliban say.
the recruits had just completed a nine-month training program.
2652	maria teresa turrion borrallo, 43, is prince george's new nanny.
according to those closest to her she has never had a boyfriend.
she also had few friends at school and was tipped to become a nun.
however she went into childcare and graduated from norland college.
2653	"the king's speech" is a crowning achievement powered by a dream cast.
writer david seidler had first conceived the story as a play.
colin firth gives a towering performance that deserves a shower of awards.
2654	chalice belonging to queen urraca of spain 'contains christ's onyx goblet'
has sat on display in basement museum of basilica of san isidoro in leon.
margarita torres and jose ortega del rio say 3-year study proves theory.
'was stolen by egyptian muslims, gifted to spain for help during famine'
2655	bafetimbi gomis is forcing a move away from swansea city.
senior members at the welsh club believe they are being 'held to ransom'
gomis took to a french media outlet to air his ill-feeling towards the club.
the frenchman claims swansea broke their promise of agreed game time.
sources close to the 29-year-old claim that arsenal are interested in him.
swans insist gomis will stay due to a multi-million pound buy out clause.
click here for more transfer news.
2656	miguel luna, 25 unsuccessfully tried to rob a los angeles home and left mounds of evidence behind him.
luna has been arrested three times this year on charges of possession of methamphetamine, receipt of stolen property and possession of burglary tools.
2657	hiking aficionado tony caligiuri suggests routes for novices and veterans.
in virginia, grayson highlands state park is on the appalachian trail.
in california, salt point state park yields great views of the pacific.
can't get out of the big city? then embark on a vigorous urban ramble.
2658	dallas seavey took the lead with just hours to go before finish line in eight-day race in nome, alaska.
the 27-year-old comes from a sledding family as his father has won twice and his grandfather helped found the contest.
seavey, who doesn't own a television and is a championship wrestler, is also a participant in the reality series 'ultimate survival alaska'
2659	megan harvey, 14, hit by 12-hour vomiting attacks when she gets excited.
cyclical vomiting syndrome means she has to miss parties and holidays.
hospitalised for a week due to excitement in run up to her school prom.
2660	kumar mangalam birla is one of india's wealthiest industrialists.
his company, founded by his father, makes an annual turnover of $29 billion.
believes social role of his company should be as rigorous as business ideas.
2661	officer's friend: "he's the last person on earth you would think to do something like that"
family "beyond outraged," saying police are blaming victim with robbery allegation.
police: after the shooting, an officer identified michael brown as the robbery suspect.
darren wilson, a six-year veteran, is named as officer who shot brown.
2662	blake mycoskie talks about his innovative business, toms shoes.
he wants to provide children in need with shoes in a sustainable way.
mycoskie wants other firms to incorporate the idea of "one-for-one" giving.
2663	furious conservatives condemn defector who denied he was jumping ship.
reckless told senior tories two days ago he would campaign for them.
left an answerphone message promising to attend tory conference.
shapps says he took people's support, money and time as a conservative.
reckless claims he is trying to keep promises he made to voters in 2010.
walkabout in rochester with nigel farage abandoned amid backlash.
2664	jordan pyke was caught with a packet of quavers and knife in his pocket.
police matched the serial number on the crisps to box he stole them from.
the 20-year-old was arrested along with two others following raid last year.
others pleaded guilty but he denied offence before being found guilty at trial.
he was sentenced this week to 18 weeks in a young offenders' institution.
2665	youtube video shows dog struggling on its hind legs as he pushes its master through water almost a metre deep.
voice off camera is heard to remark in russian: 'good lord he's being pushed by his dog'
2666	harry arter was released from charlton as a 19-year-old midfielder.
arter moved to conference south side woking after leaving addicks.
midfielder moved to bournemouth in 2010 after impressing at woking.
2667	doubts remain over the long-term future of cristiano ronaldo at real madrid.
portuguese star ronaldo has been linked with a move back to old trafford.
the 29-year-old was reportedly unhappy with the club's summer transfers.
ronaldo is content in spain but knows life at real remains unpredictable.
ronaldo also knows real's boo-boys could one day turn on him.
fans have already turned on goalkeeper iker casillas.
manchester united fans still worship ronaldo.
2668	more than 200 nigerian girls still missing, 100 days after being kidnapped from their hostels.
agony of girls, and their parents, has haunted nigeria since, writes chude jideonwo.
years of political infighting between ruling and opposition parties led to breakdown of trust, he adds.
jideonwo criticizes harassment of leaders of #bringbackourgirls at international airports.
2669	lillian lepere revealed his ordeal in first interview with french tv.
he was in factory near paris where kouachi brothers staged last stand.
'one took a drink from the sink and i could see his shadow', he said.
his heart stopped beating and he stopped breathing 'like in movies'
extremist brothers died after eight-hour standoff with armed police.
2670	two international journalists and somali colleague and driver kidnapped.
canandian amanda lindhout and australian nigel brenan seized.
the group had been conducting interviews at a refugee camp.
2671	monty don will be presenting this year's rhs chelsea flower show.
ex presenter - alan titchmarsh's fans are not happy with the replacement.
monty says he is not phased by the criticism he has received.
2672	frank braeken is the executive vice president of unilever in africa.
he says african consumers have been underserviced by western firms.
a nielsen report has identified seven types of african consumers.
braeken says infrastructure, good governance and fostering local talent are still challenges.
2673	warning: graphic content.
electrician says he was attacked by six thugs when they heard his birmingham accent.
had to have five-inch piece of his skull removed to reduce pressure on his swollen brain.
will have to wait six months for a metal plate to replace the missing section of his caved-in skull.
2674	three thousand people flock to church to greet royals.
stunning duchess of cambridge joins royals for christmas service.
family join community for mass and pray for prince philip's recovery.
2675	krystal henderson, 29, bought the chicken meal for her and her step-son.
but when oliver, 7, bit into the chicken it was hard and inedible.
closer inspection revealed it was a piece of deep-fried blue hand roll.
kfc on tyne and wear apologised and offered the mother-of-two a free meal.
2676	records released by national archives reveal the history of the royal air force in first world war.
they include nearly 450,000 service records from the royal flying corps and royal air force.
the files also show how the 1914 to 1918 war brought together different levels of society.
2677	despite four burst tyres the plane continued to taxi to the terminal.
it had just landed safely after a 10-hour flight from dallas, texas.
plane left a trail of light smoke and surface damage while taxiing.
onward flight to new york city was cancelled while repairs were made.
2678	manny pacquiao defeated chris algieri easily on points last november.
amir khan beat devon alexander to win the wbc silver welterweight title.
pair met at fitzroy lodge amateur boxing club in london on friday.
click here for more boxing news.
2679	bo guagua, who is now in hiding, frustrated his tutors by becoming well known for hosting wild parties at his room at balliol college, oxford.
he later moved to a flat with 'gold taps, a concierge and a vineyard'
ppe student forced to sit 'penal' exams after failing to work hard enough.
but powerful parents tried to prevent tutors disciplining him.
now fall from grace after mother becomes prime suspect in murder of briton.
2680	there's a "full-court press" to protect u.s. facilities friday, an official says.
hundreds protest against the film and the u.s. in iraq, egypt and other nations.
a u.s. senator says she believes u.s. authorities are investigating the filmmaker.
libya says it has arrested at least 1 suspect in a fatal attack on a u.s. consulate.
2681	gale scores four tries as bulls beat broncos in thrilling contest.
two bradford scores in final three minutes secure the win.
2682	robotics technology is becoming more widespread in the golf industry.
it is widely used in performance testing of equipment such as balls and clubs.
san diego-based company is developing a robot golfer.
future roles could involve robots as caddies or personal coaches.
2683	levante lost 2-1 in la liga to espanyol on saturday.
david barral posted a photo of his injuries from the game.
the levante forward was accused of faking injury by the referee.
the photo proved otherwise with stud marks visible on his legâ.
2684	the new england brewing co. in connecticut has been slammed for its gandhi-bot pale ale.
consumers claim the beverage is an 'illegal insult' to india.
a petition is slated to come up for hearing at an indian court today.
despite the backlash, there are currently no plans to relabel the beverage.
2685	the port was closed from midnight until 5am as a mock battle took place.
explosions.
heard as mock bombs detonated and blank rounds were fired.
kent police said exercise.
designed to protect the port from attack.
2686	gene seymour: how can any director translate beauty of fitzgerald prose in "gatsby?"
they keep trying, he says. lurmann film comes close to touching novel's emotional spirit.
the book is thin, its characters distant, and that's precisely the point, he says.
seymour: reverent, literal adaptations don't capture novel. but lurmann's succeeds.
2687	andre johnson told e! he wasn't attempting suicide.
he said he had done drugs but knew what he was doing.
"i'm alive, penis or no penis," johnson said.
2688	new: the opposition candidate distances himself from the violence.
nigerians in northern, mainly muslim states protest the elections.
they say the vote was rigged in favor of the president, a christian from the south.
about 17,000 people flee their homes in the violence.
2689	lord hill handed crucial 'financial services' portfolio in eu commission.
former leader of the  lords will be in charge of financial services regulation.
announcement made by commission president jean claude juncker today.
2690	dorothy davidson says after falling and being unable to reach a phone her dog spirit called for help.
using a special one-button phone spirit was able to dial 911.
spirit is just one of many dogs trained to assist including a pug for a former military police officer suffering ptsd.
2691	teen siblings who are legal u.s. residents were left alone after feds deported immigrant parents.
u.s. children whose parents are deported often struggle with school, finances, friendships.
an estimated 5,100 u.s. kids in 22 states have had parents detained or deported, say experts.
2692	photographer aram pan took the photos while on his fourth trip to north korea from 16-20 october.
the masikryong ski resort, built on top of taehwa peak, is near the port city and naval base wonsan.
it opened earlier this year and north korean leader kim jong-un hopes it will to bring 5,000 daily visitors.
it is part of a push to increase overseas tourist numbers from 200,000 to 1 million per annum by 2016.
but when mr pan visited in october he only spotted one other tourist.
2693	barcelona forward picked up a thigh injury against chile.
brazil head coach admitted his relief at progressing in the last-16.
hosts now face james rodriguez and co later this week.
2694	sabrina rodriguez, 31, turned herself into police last week over an outstanding warrant for grand theft.
she allegedly stole $2,500 of wallets from coach in sacramento last year.
shop assistants recognized rodriguez from her news broadcasts.
she announced this week she had split from fiancé nicholas gray, 30, her alleged accomplice.
gray faces more charges including arson after a fire at the couple's home in may where he was believed to have been cooking a marijuana product.
rodriguez, who won two emmys in june, resigned from her job on tuesday.
2695	couple come forward to say they just wanted to join the party.
bride krista lamlin turned down their offer of a belated gift.
2696	joao miranda is ready to leave la liga champions atletico madrid.
miranda revealed talks have started with premier league and primera division clubs - with a buy out clause of £24.2m in his contract.
brazilian defender has been previously linked to manchester united.
defender is sad at being left out of brazil's world cup squad.
2697	fer has signed a three-year contract at loftus road.
the midfielder spent just one season at norwich.
he says he 'can't wait to get started' with harry redknapp's side.
the dutchman will wear the no 10 shirt at qpr.
2698	girl, 14, was bound, gagged and tied to a chair by two teenage attackers.
older boy, then 15, had spent days trawling internet porn sites.
interest in sexual matters was 'heightened', said judge.
'terrified' victim stripped and threatened with knife at house in hartlepool.
only she could know 'full horror' of her ordeal, judge said.
victim left 'emotionally and psychologically damaged' by attack.
2699	three women share 2011 nobel peace prize.
a record 241 candidates were nominated for this year's nobel peace prize.
the award is named for alfred nobel, a swedish scientist and inventor of dynamite.
last year's winner was chinese dissident liu xiaobo.
2700	democratic rep. tom lantos: "more to the story than yahoo let on"
yahoo officials testified to congress in 2006 about chinese journalist.
shi tao posted info on a democracy web site and was later arrested.
before shi tao's arrest, yahoo gave chinese government his e-mail information.
2701	diafra sakho scored winner against bristol city in  fa cup fourth round.
senegal complained that striker should not have played after being withdrawn from africa cup of nations squad.
fifa have opened disciplinary proceedings against west ham.
2702	on his radio show, howard stern mentioned how he's taking over "the tonight show"
stern also said nbc's entertainment chairman told him he's "got to take over the show"
in august, stern claimed that leno taking a pay cut to limit staff reductions wasn't entirely true.
2703	for thousands of years, men's underwear consisted of loin cloths.
codpieces allowed men "convenience" while wearing braies.
henry viii began to pad his codpiece in the 16th century.
boxers jumped into the spotlight when their design came under fire.
2704	the arabic interpreter helped special branch interview terror suspects.
claims he was only suspected of associating with terrorists due to his race and muslim religion.
he has not even been told of the name of the terrorists he was alleged to have associated with.
2705	the family of slain 18-year-old christian aguilar watched in the courtroom as 20-year-old pedro bravo was convicted friday for his murder.
aguilar's father, carlos aguilar, addressed the court before bravo's sentencing: 'i cannot tell you the quantity of pain that we have been going through'
bravo pleaded not guilty, saying he.
and aguilar got into a fist fight the day the college student died but.
that he left aguilar alive.
investigators found aguilar's blood in.
bravo's car and presented evidence that bravo researched ways to drug.
people and dispose of bodies.
aguilar and bravo knew each other from.
their days at doral academy, a high school in miami.
bravo had dated erika.
friman, who was also a student, while at doral, but she and aguilar had.
begun dating when the two moved to gainesville for college.
prosecutors presented reams of writings.
by bravo that showed he was obsessed with friman and followed her to the university of florida.
2706	betty the maltese dog lives in essex with her owner hayler dexter.
the three-year-old has her own bedroom and is ferried around in a pram.
she is fed meals using a swarovski crystal-encrusted fork.
2707	researchers say following the diet could reduce risk of bowel cancer by half.
the diet shuns processed foods such as takeaways and packaged goods.
has been used by celebrities such as andrew flintoff and megan fox.
study looked at the dietary habits of 2,301 men and women aged 30 to 74.
2708	teodoro nguema obiang mangue will surrender more than $30m in assets.
these include mansion in malibu, ferrari and michael jackson memorabilia.
but he will able to keep singer's famous crystal-encrusted 'bad tour' glove.
this is because item remains outside the u.s., alongside his 'thriller' jacket.
instead, 42-year-old must pay further $1million to cover value, say officials.
most of 750,000 people in equatorial guinea are currently living in poverty.
2709	surgical removal of testicles was also a punishment for.
those who accused clergy of sexual abuse.
there are also allegations that vic marijnen, former dutch pm had links to the case.
dutch mps will today call for a parliamentary investigation into the allegations.
2710	trying to ignore race in the workplace can do more harm than good, says evan apfelbaum.
he says research suggests that people perceive others' race almost instantly.
minority employees are more distrustful of people who don't acknowledge race, he says.
it should be ok to acknowledge and discuss race, says apfelbaum.
2711	new: court papers say woman, four kids suffered "severe pain and anguish"
new: two 7-year-old girls sexually assaulted before they died, documents say.
new: threat of returning to prison motivated slayings, prosecutors say.
bodies found january 12 in apartment in el reno, oklahoma.
2712	ed miliband to hold speech praising workers unions at tuc conference.
labour leader will accuse david cameron of devaluing workers.
miliband's union reforms will see members 'opt-in' for party support.
2713	tammy samede made the dramatic outburst.
at a meeting of demonstrators days before she was due to be a defendant.
in the high court.
city of london bid to try and clear the tent city continues.
2714	alan khee-jin tan: flight qz8501 stirs fears passengers might lose confidence.
but he says low-cost pioneer airasia will probably weather this difficult period.
airline has won the loyalty and gratitude of millions of working-class asians, he says.
2715	real madrid star ronaldo and his portugal team-mates will face germany in their first world cup game.
sardar azmoun has been dubbed the 'iranian lionel messi'
nigeria's emmanuel emenike could follow in the footsteps of former italy striker paolo rossi.
albert adomah says ghana will sing and dance if they score against the usa.
african football has developed hugely since zaire's world cup debut in 1974.
2716	baz has a distinctive patch of black fur which resembles hitler's moustache.
he was blinded and left for dead in a bin after a brutal attack by thugs.
seven-year-old  has  recovered despite vets having to remove his left eye.
his treatment cost £600 and people from all over the country sent donations.
kirsty sparrow, 26, fears her pet was targeted because of his likeness.
2717	pakistani sweet shop aysha sweet centre was visited by hygiene officers.
found pans caked in grease, dirty walls and a preparation area full of flies.
shop owner mohammed akram admitted eight food safety offences.
akran, 53, ordered to pay £2,400 fine and £1,575 costs to local council.
2718	pregnant lauren oliver, 26, was stabbed in the stomach by ex-boyfriend.
cage fighter nicholas leaning has been jailed for 19 years after attack.
he wanted miss oliver to have an abortion and said he would kick baby out.
harper survived and was delivered six weeks early weighing 4lb 1oz.
2719	new: erdogan hails passage as a "milestone for democracy"
"yes to the rule of law. no to the law of the rulers"
sunday vote comes on 30th anniversary of 1980 military coup.
opposition argued changes would undermine turkey's secular foundations.
2720	prosecutors: adult, two minors retaliated for june deaths of three israeli teens.
mohammed abu khdeir, 16, was killed "only because he was an arab," prosecutors say.
abu khdeir was beaten and set on fire, authorities say.
2721	conservative dan poulter said hospitals should take a leaf out of the book of the show's former host.
he said the health service needs to know a good bargain when it sees one.
some nhs trusts are paying three times as much as others for prosthetic limbs, rubber gloves and syringes.
2722	ledge 'broke dog's fall' ten feet above busy salisbury to london railway line.
took four hours for anybody to hear the dog's desperate barking for help.
2723	luis suarez will be officially unveiled as a barcelona player on monday.
suarez was banned from all football-related activity on july 1 for biting the italy defender at the world cup.
the ban has been upheld, but suarez can now take part in training and promotional activity.
barcelona star can make his debut in a friendly against leon on monday if fit.
suarez's competitive return could still be against real madrid on october 25.
uruguayan can also play in upcoming international friendlies in september and october against japan, korea and saudi arabia.
court of arbitration for sport (cas) heard case in lausanne, switzerland.
former liverpool striker moved to barcelona for £75million in july.
barcelona have been unable to unveil the 27-year-old at the nou camp.
suarez hired a personal trainer to help him with his fitness during the ban.
he has received long-term bans four times - three times for biting and once for racially abusing patrice evra.
2724	photographer bradley lever patiently waited to capture images.
josh holford, one, refused to smash the cake.
toddler kept running away despite his mother and bradley's best efforts.
cake smashing shoots are popular in the u.s.
2725	passengers buy a train ticket from brussels to lille but can stay on until london without passport checks.
alarm first raised in 2001 but nothing was done about it.
ukba's jonathan sedgwick tells mps it is 'unsatisfactory' but insists it is not a loophole.
2726	rhyan wilson suffered fatal injuries in fight in urmston, greater manchester.
the woman arrested is believed to have known the teenager.
another 18-year-old was stabbed in the neck and leg but is stable in hospital.
police said a 'verbal altercation' outside a pub 'escalated into violence'
2727	"any evaluation now is premature," a human rights lawyer tells cnn.
protesters in tahrir square are calling for speedier reforms.
the new egypt is a "less deferential," more outspoken place, observers say.
some worry that interests of military, protesters can't be reconciled.
2728	priebke's family say they cannot establish where the nazi's body is.
lawyer paolo giachini say officials refused to divulge information.
about it.
funeral halted when protesters and nazi supporters clashed outside.
priebke was sentenced to life imprisonment for the 1944.
massacre of 335 civilians at the ardeatine caves outside rome.
2729	zach tennen, 19, beaten unconscious at party close to michigan state university.
teenager said attackers told him they were in the kkk.
zach had surgery to have his jaw wired after vicious assault.
police said assault was 'not likely a hate crime' but refused to elaborate.
2730	red-light district approved by mayor of rome ignazio marino.
legislation will allow prostitution in the eur area of city from april.
some church leaders have called the proposal 'shameful'
2731	sayreville football players are accused of sexual assault against freshmen.
mel robbins: school superintendent was right to cancel the football season.
coaches must be held accountable, even if they didn't know what was happening, she says.
robbins: practices like this happen over years, so attackers may have been victims themselves.
2732	wayne rooney will win his 99th cap in the euro 2016 qualifier against estonia on sunday.
the england captain should become the youngest player to reach 100 caps in november.
peter shilton holds the record for most england caps won with 125.
rooney is seven goals short of sir bobby charlton's record of 49.
2733	the accident happened only one mile from school.
none of the four siblings in the van wore a seat belt.
two were ejected, including katrina maetzold, 13 - who died at the scene, the three others are all expected to survive.
2734	device known as the drift simulates a variety of action sports.
thirty mins on the board is equivalent to an hour snowboarding or surfing.
already  a hit in america, the drift has started hitting gyms in the  uk.
2735	ernie djedje has severe form of childhood epilepsy called west syndrome.
he had up to 100 seizures a day which could not be controlled with drugs.
every time he had a severe seizure he would lose all of the skills he'd learnt.
doctors operated to disconnect the two sides of his brain to prevent his seizures - he has not had a fit since the operation six months ago.
he is still partially paralysed on one side and he has learning difficulties.
2736	west ham are seventh in the premier league table.
sam allardyce's side beat hull city 3-0 at upton park on sunday.
the hammers are moving to the olympic stadium next season.
david sullivan and david gold say the future looks bright for fans.
they claim atletico madrid's success should be an inspiration in europe.
click here for west ham transfer news.
2737	gen. keith alexander, the national security agency director, says foreign governments spied on their own people and shared data with the u.s.
the nsa had been accused of snooping on 130.5 million phone calls in france and spain, and keeping computerized records.
sen. dianne feinstein said newspapers in europe 'got it all wrong'
alexander's denial will fall heavily on the fugitive leaker edward snowden and his journalist cohorts, whom the nsa chief said 'did not understand what they were looking at'
2738	cubans make about $20 a month on average; tourist hotels start at $60 a night.
cubans allowed to stay in tourist hotels beginning at midnight monday.
government recently lifted bans on cell phones, computers, dvd players.
2739	rafael cerro was hit in the backside by the charging 75 stone bull during a fight at the las ventas bullring in madrid.
the 23-year-old matador had only recently returned to the sport after being gorged in the abdomen in april.
annual event sees runners cover a 850m route as they flee from bulls through saint sever in france.
the five-foot-tall beasts, which are used in bull fighting, were unleashed on to the streets yesterday.
one runner, dressed in traditional white clothing, was gored through the leg and taken to hospital for treatment.
2740	preserved boarding house in dallas is on sale for $500,000.
oswald stayed there alone in the weeks before the shooting in 1963.
homeowner remembers him as a considerate, friendly boarder.
2741	conservatives got  budget language that attacks the white house's latest executive actions along with obama's 2012 'deferred' deportation order.
alabama rep. robert aderholt's bill has been shoehorned into a larger budget proposal for the department of homeland security.
dhs funding runs out feb. 27 because of a compromise the gop struck with senate democrats last month that funded the rest of the government.
republicans object to the president's plan to mainstream 5 million or more illegal immigrants with residency cards and work permits.
2742	kimberley bradbury fell ill after 'all-you-can-drink' cruise and nightclub trip.
was rushed to hospital in nottingham but was later pronounced dead.
police are investigating if she took party drug pma, also known as 'dr death'
the drug is believed to have claimed 11 lives in the uk already.
27-year-old man arrested on suspicion of supplying class a drugs.
2743	photographer jason hawkes captures vivid colors on show at.
seaworld, universal studios and disney land.
shots show killer whales leaping from the water, colorful theme park rides and film studio backdrops.
2744	warrants reveal authorities found a crowbar near the body of hannah anderson's mother.
authorities suspected the remains of the small child were hannah's brother, papers say.
after killing hannah's mother and brother, dimaggio set fire to his house, the affidavits say.
dimaggio was shot at least five times, a coroner says.
2745	former us envoy to iraq paul bremer was making speech in the commons.
demonstrator said he had a 'message from saddam hussein.
diplomat joked 'you should improve your aim.
throwing shoes is arab gesture of disrespect.
2746	plaque honoured tim parry, 12, and johnathan ball, 3, killed in 1993 blast.
police hunt thieves who took memorial sometime between april 20 and may 5.
victim's father colin parry: 'it beggars belief that people can be so heartless'
2747	follow viking method devised by svava sigbertsdottir.
trains clients based on body type and shocks body's metabolism.
uses techniques such as kick-boxing, crawling and leap frogs.
when nicole was in the uk, svava trained her three to four times a week.
sees suki three times a week and says she's 'perfect' for the method.
2748	a horde of vermin flooded a scottish village after escaping vile conditions.
andrew hughes allowed rats to catch diseases, inbreed and eat each other.
animal welfare experts slammed his treatment of the 220 rats.
he was ordered to do 200 hours community service.
2749	kathleen price has finally spoken out about the murder of her partner shane chartres-abbott in 2003.
the male prostitute was on trial at the time for raping a female client.
he reportedly told the victim he was a vampire older than melbourne.
her outburst comes after three of the men accused of his murder were found not guilty.
2750	alisher usmanov owns almost a third of the north london football club.
he replaces steel tycoon lakshmi mittal who drops to eighth place.
uk-born richest is duke of westminster, worth £7.8bn and ranked eighth.
2751	dejan lovren's £20million arrival puts agger's position at risk.
barcelona have been continually linked with him.
brondby want to tempt agger back to denmark.
glen johnson's future is unclear with one year left on his deal at anfield.
2752	free agent pens one-year deal with gaziantep following st james' park exit.
ameobi scored 53 goals in 312 games after coming through newcastle ranks.
nigerian international left tyneside in the summer after 14 years in first team.
2753	harry mount tests electronic ‘sobriety tag’ which is to be fitted to offenders.
black plastic tag, dubbed ‘breathalyser for your ankle’, tracks consumption.
can tell whether you've been drinking and transmits results to a computer.
2754	mayo clinic ranks as best overall hospital for the first time.
for cancer, memorial sloan kettering cancer center comes out on top.
cleveland clinic in ohio ranks no. 1 for heart patients.
2755	dr felice schnoll-sussman is a gastroenterologist at weill medical college.
says hot drinks ease constipation by widening blood vessels in the bowels.
caffeine isn't responsible, as even decaffeinated coffee has the same effect.
us researchers found massaging the area near the anus can also help.
2756	donation split to go to various coalitions, including ones that combat and educate against slavery.
google donated $40m in end-of-year giving; $100m total donated in 2011.
2757	domestic tea sales are up 32% since 2007, and is expected to reach $18 billion in the next two years.
coffee retailers like starbucks and fast food chains like mcdonald's are investing in more tea products in order to cash in on the newly lucrative business.
2758	brendan rodgers has watched liverpool's draw with crysta palace back three times.
reds have a very slim chance of winning title on sunday.
liverpool need to win at anfield and hope manchester city lose to west ham.
rodgers pictured laughing and joking with raheem sterling.
2759	the four soldiers killed were czech nationals.
the soldiers were on patrol when they were attacked.
official: a suicide bomber in bicycle detonated his explosives vest.
2760	gary kurzer, 62, from bondi is suing the australian tax office for $5.8m.
he has been in a legal fight for seven years over a bungled tax bill.
mr kurzer says he lost his business, home and family due to his battle.
2761	wings are built in broughton, north wales, and filton, near bristol.
latest problem to hit the a380 since engine blowouts grounded them in 2010.
2762	failed to find love with jake pavelka on 'bachelor'
rushed to hospital in new orleans after unknown 'medical emergency'
mother and current nba player boyfriend now at hospital bedside.
2763	jeff horton was looking for waves on sunday morning in kauaui when the tiger shark clamped its teeth on his surfboard.
he punched it 8 times and it eventually recoiled when he punched its eye.
horton suffered only grazes from the shark's rough skin.
he plans to keep the board on his wall - and get back in the water again.
2764	netherlands, belgium and qatar all had monarchs step down in 2013.
king juan carlos i of spain announced monday he would abdicate.
royal watcher says there's no chance queen elizabeth would give up throne.
2765	north korea issues "detailed report" of why women were arrested, convicted.
n. korea: journalists intended to "isolate and stifle the socialist system"
euna lee, laura ling sentenced to 12 years of hard labor.
journalists were working for al gore's current tv when arrested.
2766	odyssey marine exploration discovered vast fortune of spanish 'pieces of eight' off the coast of portugal in 2007 from 1804 shipwreck.
after bitter court case, us judge ruled treasure must be returned to spain.
spanish civil guard sending two spanish hercules planes to reclaim it at their own expense.
2767	james mcarthur had taken trip to costa coffee shop in london this week.
he returned to car to find he had a penalty charge notice on his windscreen.
took a picture and posted on twitter with comment saying '#nothappy'
fans mockingly replied that it wouldn't be 'denting' his bank balance.
2768	rio de janeiro state officials are giving away 3 million free condoms.
health minister: this year's public health campaign targets young gay men.
"a new generation...(is) less sensitive to the risks of hiv infection," he says.
officials plan to hand out bags to carry condoms and paper fans with catchy slogans.
2769	unilever recalls four batches of lipton milk tea sold in hong kong.
unilever hong kong describes it as a precautionary measure.
chinese milk products have been contaminated with melamine.
2770	gemma sheridan's image unwittingly posted online along with survival tale.
claimed she and two friends set sail from merseyside to hawaii in 2007.
it also said that their ship but hit freak storm and her friends died.
the tale said she was rescued after sos sign was spotted on google earth'
but the story was just an internet prank set up by 'imaginative friends'
2771	deputy pm refuses to make children's education a 'political football'
son antonio, 11, due to start secondary school in september.
couple will only opt for state school 'if it works out' and is looking at options.
2772	australian leonie blackwell, 50, discovered she was allergic to sperm.
12% of women suffer from human seminal plasma hypersensitivity.
had burning pains and swelling from age of 23, but doctors couldn't help.
found herbal remedy, reiishi mushroom extract, and trained as naturopath.
her new book, making sense of the insensible, aims to help other women.
2773	former boxer, 46, in brisbane, australia for speaking tour.
turned down tracy saying 'i've seen when good animals turn bad'
2774	businesses will be offered compensation to shut down for four hours a day.
national grid had planned to introduce this measure in winter of 2015.
fires and other setbacks put some of uk’s biggest generators out of service.
two nuclear power plants are offline and unlikely to be running in time for start of colder weather.
national grid has a budget of £800million to control supply and demand within the power network.
2775	esa has revealed an amazing video of 49 images stitched together showing lightning strikes over eastern romania.
the images were taken by dutch astronaut andré kuipers on the iss in 2012 but have only just been released.
they were taken using the nightpod camera - which automatically matches the station's movement to reduce blur.
while lightning on earth seems rare, from space many more strikes can be seen in vast cloud systems.
another image shows the entirety of earth looking like a toy as the lightning-filled cloud is spotted below.
2776	as dog mauled officers in a half-hour frenzied attack, its owner allegedly said: 'you should have just knocked on the door'
symieon robinson-pierre accused of ignoring pleas to call the dog off and instead went back indoors with a friend.
the powerful dog pounced on police after officers went to the house in stratford, east london.
the pitbull was killed with four blasts from a shotgun - but not before inflicting severe hand, arm and leg wounds.
robinson-pierre denies four counts of owning a dog dangerously out of control in public.
2777	free tibet: we have seen protesters die from their injuries, survivors disappear by authorities.
as many as 29 tibetans have self-immolated in protest against chinese rule, group says.
without legal or political recourse to address their grievances, they risk their lives, says brigden.
brigden: world remains largely unaware of the situation as the region is effectively cut off.
2778	ms couric attended wednesday evening's u.s. open matches with new fiance john molner.
she smiled in the stands with her new engagement ring on full display.
2779	a 17-year-old girl died of injuries sustained during a hay ride when a jeep pulling the trailer hit a tree and flipped over.
twenty-two others are injured with a teenage boy and the jeep's driver being the most seriously injured.
authorities say a mechanical problem with the jeep may have been what resulted in the driver losing control of the vehicle.
the attraction has been closed while police launch an investigation into the crash.
2780	kvitova beats bouchard in straight sets, 6-3, 6-0.
match took just 54 minutes on centre court on saturday.
bouchard was broken six times in a row, denying her a first grand slam title.
kvitova last won wimbledon in 2011, three years before.
roger federer vs novak djokovic on sunday.
2781	chelsea beat aston villa 2-1 in the premier league on saturday.
eden hazard and branislav ivanovic netted for the visitors at villa park.
jores okore ended villa's 11-hour premier league goal drought.
paul lambert has labelled jose mourinho as a 'great manager'
but lambert also says he 'wouldn't want to learn from his dugout'
2782	edinburgh zoo's tian tian is the only female giant panda in britain.
experts believe she conceived and carried a fetus to late term before losing it.
giant pandas in washington and atlanta had cubs this summer.
2783	the warwick uni rowing club's new calendar will help a cancer charity.
last year's calendar hit the headlines after criticism from feminist bloggers.
rowers say they hope attention will be on the cause and not the feminists.
2784	liverpool closed in on the top four with a 2-0 victory over southampton.
joe allen claims the reds have recovered from the loss of luis suarez.
uruguayan is set for his first return to england when barcelona visit manchester city in the champions league last 16 on tuesday.
2785	reports spread on internet calling for girls to offer themselves to fighters.
tunisian media said 13 girls travelled to rebel-held northern syria.
politicians in tunisia appeal to girls not to be influenced by islamic preachers.
2786	john friary had campaigned with harriet harman.
'i would love to be your father figure,' he told '15-year-old girl'
2787	experts believe that an 'autumn chill' will descend over the weekend as temperatures drop into single figures.
forecasters predict there may even be a chance of sleet in hilly regions of the north and scotland.
parts of the south coast including brighton experienced highs of 18c, with some hoping to the last taste of sun.
the uk has already been hit with the 'normal' amount of rainfall for august in the last two weeks.
2788	new: anders breivik recounts how he shot the injured again so they couldn't escape.
new: he tried to call police to give himself up, but no one took his call, he says.
breivik says he learned from al qaeda methods, oklahoma and world trade center bombings.
he admits killing 77 people in a gun-and-bomb rampage, calling it "necessary"
2789	two paintings shows dorothy with the scarecrow and on yellow brick road.
they were used to show crew how  costumes and sets should look.
artist jack martin smith became one of hollywood's best art directors.
they are expected to sell for around $6,700 each in beverley hills, california.
2790	columnists: we should take back the facebook poke because it's there.
casual survey says majority don't like the poke, but that most have used it.
you can start a poke war with a friend or reconnect with an old acquaintance.
don't poke with romance in mind; instead, use "super poke" and send a sheep.
2791	designer predicts image of son by mixing pictures of duke and duchess.
not the first to predict face of royal baby.
others have imagined appearance as toddler and teen based on genetics.
2792	jo thomson, 39, dyed her hair using a schwarzkopf xxl live home dye kit.
despite carrying out the recommended patch test, suffered terrible reaction.
allergy left her face swollen, covered in boils and and battling to keep sight.
is now agoraphobic and terrified she will suffer another reaction.
mother-of-three said: 'dying my hair was the worse mistake of my life'
warning graphic content.
2793	binky, 24, has dropped from 10st 10lbs to 9st 10lbs in a week.
ditched nights out on the town and kebabs for healthy, protein-rich diet.
says ex-boyfriend called her a 'big whale'
2794	alfred liggins: america's black population has become more diverse.
40 million population represents many different social, economic viewpoints, he says.
liggins: discrimination still key issue, but other concerns have emerged.
liggins says politicians need to know that past appeals to race are outdated.
2795	matthew schrier was working as a freelance photographer when he was captured by al-qaeda-linked rebels last december.
he was beaten and given electric shocks by the rebels, who also emptied his bank accounts and pretended to be him in emails to his family.
he eventually escaped in july through a gap in a basement window.
2796	frans de waal authored a book about biological roots in human fairness.
his research suggests morality is older than religion.
"we do think that primates have different cultures"
2797	gareth williams was extremely 'security conscious' and would not have let strangers inside his flat.
he may have been considering leaving the security services to start up his own business.
detectives say criminal charges are still a possibility, despite no suspects.
four intelligence.
agents give evidence behind anonymity screens to avoid 'real risk of.
harm' to national security and international relations.
mr williams wanted to escape the ‘rat race’ of the capital and was frustrated that mi6 had been dragging its feet over the move.
the spy was extremely conscientious and his family said he would never let anyone into his flat apart from them.
mi6 was accused of failing to raise the alarm when he missed a key meeting one week before his body was found.
a sergeant described the moment he cut open the red north face holdall and found the body of mr williams curled up inside.
a constable who discovered the bag and raised the alarm noticed underwear neatly folded on a nearby bed and a woman’s wig hanging on a chair. the death of mr williams in august 2010 triggered a painstaking investigation, worldwide media frenzy and a raft of conspiracy theories.
2798	vice goes inside a huge biennial weapons convention in amman, jordan.
over a week, 12,000 attendees peruse tents housing hundreds of arms manufacturers.
missiles, machine guns, tanks, and bombs are among the wares for sale.
2799	dough spotted overflowing from recycling bin outside papa john's parlour.
could be seen spewing out of top of bin, with bits creeping out onto street.
photo of 'dough monster' was posted on twitter by ailsa burn-murdoch.
it has since gone viral and been digitally altered to include monster eyes.
this afternoon, papa john's blamed incident on 'inexperienced employee'
2800	cable: clinton directed diplomats to ascertain names, addresses and credit card numbers.
the cable was sent to 33 embassies and some u.n. mission offices.
state department denies diplomats were doing double duty.
2801	patricia goodband was found dead in a 12ft manhole in her garden.
she was to leave two buckinghamshire homes and £230,000 to christopher symons.
he is alleged to have beaten her around the head six times before burying her.
2802	one venue charged four times as much for a wedding than a family reunion.
which? asked for quotes for the same day and same number of guests.
consumer watchdog tried london, edinburgh and manchester bookings.
2803	former president gushed about charlotte clinton-mezvinsk in an appearance on late night with seth meyers.
he said that he and hillary are able to see charlotte frequently because chelsea and marc live in new york city.
2804	drawings held sacred by paiute indian tribe from california's sierra nevada.
thefts regarded as worst act of vandalism to affect the area in recent memory.
2805	haley joel osment is starring in two of kevin smith's new movies.
the "sixth sense" actor's role in "yoga hosers" has grabbed attention.
smith has had to address the actor's unusual look for the role.
2806	emil zatopek won three gold medals at 1952 olympics in helsinki.
legendary czech claimed the 5,000m, 10,000m and marathon treble.
his wife dana zatopkova also won javelin gold in helsinki.
zatopek's medals are kept in the national archive in prague.
2807	retired suffolk officer michael upson stole eggs between 1991 and 2001.
they were found when police searched his cottage in june this year.
police also discovered diaries detailing how the eggs had been taken.
upson went through a 'mad period of collecting eggs', court hears.
prosecutor asks magistrates to order for collection to be destroyed.
2808	the duchess of cambridge is the most stylish woman of 2014.
crowned following a poll of 2,000 style-conscious britons.
closely followed by victoria beckham and cheryl fernandez-versini.
katie price was named the least stylish thanks to her garish dress sense.
kim kardashian's penchant for bottom-baring latex was also disliked.
2809	michelle mone's boobs minus will be on sale in boots for just £39.50.
2810	authorities intercepted the device, which was in a package addressed to arizona's sheriff joe arpaio.
a bomb squad team neutralized the explosive.
arpaio, who is known for cracking down on illegal immigration, said he's 'getting many threats' and 'this isn't the first time'
2811	research led by leiden university in the netherlands has found particles in other galaxies that could be dark matter.
they analysed x-ray signals emitted by the perseus galaxy cluster and the andromeda galaxy.
the signal could not be attributed to any regular form of matter.
instead it must be a particle of dark matter, according to the researchers.
‘it could usher in a new era in astronomy,’ said dr ruchayskiy.
2812	romelu lukaku has scored just twice since his £28million summer move.
everton are currently 17th in the premier league table.
roberto martinez says they will play lukaku back into form.
2813	muriel thatcher first went to dudley zoo, west midlands, aged 10, in 1937.
former auxiliary nurse has never married nor had any children.
she's now been given life membership, saving her £11.50 on daily ticket.
87-year-old has also adopted 23 of the animals.
2814	police with automatic weapons seen 'running through streets' of london.
man, 23, was shot in the back by a gunman on moped in islington at 1pm.
he suffered 'life changing injuries' and is now being treated in hospital.
last thursday an 18-year-old boy was attacked in same area of islington.
2815	uk citizen john david baker, 29, who lives in celebration, florida, was arrested for persuading children to send him pornographic images.
he pretended he was a 15-year-old girl online.
investigators found live webcam videos of children performing sexual acts for him.
baker worked helped train and audition adults and children attempting to pursue careers in entertainment.
he says he ‘meant no harm’. the judge didn't agree.
2816	jennifer marino petitgout allegedly filed for divorce in new jersey on tuesday to end a 13-year-marriage.
the divorce follows an alleged assault on june 5 at 48 lounge in manhattan.
at around.
midnight on june 5, luke petitgout allegedly stormed into the lounge and slapped his wife and attacked a man she was with.
the couple has three young daughters.
2817	saroo brierley got lost while riding the train with his brother in rural india.
he found himself 1,000 miles away in calcutta, where begged to survive.
eventually, he was taken to an orphanage and adopted by australians.
but 25 years later, he found his way back home after poring over google.
he has now retold his story in a new book that was published this week.
2818	warren ross sentenced to at least 30 years in jail over bashing murder of his two-year-old stepdaughter tanilla warrick-deaves.
he will be eligible for parole in september 2041, due to time already served.
tanilla was bashed and tortured in the lead up to her death because her stepdad thought she was taking too long to learn how to use the toilet.
the girl's mother was found guilty of her manslaughter and sentenced to at least nine years in jail last year.
2819	morgan amalfitano is on crystal palace, sunderland and aston villa's wishlist.
marseille midfielder impressed on loan with west brom last season.
tony pulis has been on a scouting mission to the world cup in brazil.
julian speroni has signed a contract extension to stay at selhurst park.
2820	nice chairman professor david haslam has urged patients to push their gps for drugs they are entitled under nhs guidelines.
he said americans tend to want to know more about their treatment.
prof haslam's comments comes as a report revealed a third of kidney patients are not receiving the drugs they need.
2821	cleveland police dci heather eastwood was held at a railway station in 2011.
husband sean was first chief constable to be sacked in 35 years, last year.
ms eastwood's decision to quit means that she avoid disciplinary action.
2822	former fulham midfielder pajtim kasami scores winner for olympiacos.
andre villas-boas' zenit st petersburg beaten 2-0 by bayer leverkusen.
monaco drew 0-0 with benfica to leapfrog avb's side in group c.
2823	'porange' outfits have also been worn by nicole scherzinger, kim kardashian, jessica alba and rihanna.
70,000 volunteers will wear the uniforms next summer.
2824	damaged power lines at hitchin, hertfordshire, have caused huge disruption.
one of britain's busiest train lines crippled by mystery damage.
rail chiefs urge travellers to stay in london if they can.
2825	three americans die when cargo plane crashes at shanghai's pudong international airport.
three people who died were among seven crew members on plane.
plane was on its way to kyrgyzstan and caught fire on takeoff.
2826	swedish diplomats meet with aijalon mahli gomes.
boston-area native serving an eight-year sentence in north korea.
media reports: he recently attempted suicide.
swedish embassy represents u.s. interests in the nation.
2827	owen cheshire inherited the large, bumpy nose which runs in his family.
it affected his confidence and he was bullied for it when he was at school.
he feared it would prevent him being offered a job when he left university.
spent £4,000 on surgery to reduce the size of his nose before graduating.
2828	crystal mangum faces a murder and two larceny charges, the district attorney's office says.
police say mangum, 32, stabbed her boyfriend at their shared apartment earlier this month.
the man, 46, died from his injuries last wednesday at a durham, north carolina, hospital.
3 duke athletes were charged -- then cleared -- after mangum accused them of sexual assault.
2829	plaintiffs initially awarded $4 million each in negligence lawsuit.
award later reduced to $100,000 each.
virginia's highest court said virginia tech that slaughter was not "reasonably foreseeable"
2830	met has named jim boyling and bob lambert who had affairs with 'targets'
the men had infiltrated environmental protest groups in the 80s and 90s.
women say they were duped into relationships - men say they were in love.
2831	yasmin was rushed to hospital and treated for suspected broken neck.
mother feared she was paralysed after watching the horrific incident unfold.
'my daughter could have died if she had gone through head first', says kim.
9-year-old still bed-bound and vomiting due to impact on her kidneys.
2832	supreme court hears case challenging prayer at town board meeting.
richard garnett says court will likely be reluctant to uphold a ban on such prayers.
garnett: constitution prohibits establishment of religion, but public prayers have long history.
garnett: u.s. has long tried to protect both religious faith and religious liberty.
2833	he began career in petrochemicals and materials research in south africa.
was core member of team that created billiton's aaluminumbusiness.
he has been chief executive officer of bhp billiton since october 2007.
2834	jake frood, from leeds, suffers joint stiffness because of his arthritis.
he also falls ill a lot because he has a weak immune system.
he took up karate when he was three after watching the karate kid.
his mother, kerry, believes his dedication to martial arts has given him the determination to get through his illnesses.
2835	the former district attorney must report to jail september 7.
a disciplinary committee disbarred nifong in june for handling of duke case.
three lacrosse players initially were accused of raping a woman during a party.
all charges against the players were dropped in april.
2836	the old bells - there since 17th century - had been discordant for decades.
eight of the nine new bells cast in normandy town of villedieu-les-poeles.
the ninth, named marie, was cast in the netherlands and sent to join others.
2837	fulham boss has players back training at motspur park base.
players told they will be training until at least the end of the week - but could be longer.
fulham were relegated after 13 seasons in the premier legaue.
magath was their third manager of the season following the sackings of martin jol and rene meulensteen.
2838	brazil into the men's olympic soccer final after 3-0 win over south korea.
the five-time world champions are looking for a first olympic gold medal.
brazil will play mexico in saturday's gold medal match at wembley stadium.
south korea will face japan in the bronze medal contest in cardiff.
2839	a new iphone app called heard records everything the iphone microphone picks up on a constant five-minute loop.
users can elect to save important audio, or the app will automatically erase data more than five minutes old.
a free 12-second recording version of the app is available; the full version costs $1.99.
2840	raid is in the eastern city of luhansk, where the group was allegedly plotting attack.
15 were detained, accused of betraying the government, weapons violations.
authorities say they seized 300 guns, knives and a grenade launcher.
u.s. defense secretary chuck hagel says the "world will respond" to russia's actions.
2841	this week the supreme court turned down all pending gay marriage cases.
donna brazile: it seems like the justices are more concerned about politics.
she says guaranteeing the right to marriage, a fundamental constitutional right, is critical.
brazile: those who live in states that don't approve of gay marriage deserve justice.
2842	detained man believed to be core al qaeda member.
he is married to one of bin laden's daughters.
ghaith emerged as voice of the organization.
2843	alan crickmore is accused of 12 counts of theft and eight counts of fraud.
crickmore drove a jaguar and had a second home in norfolk.
the 56-year old coroner has since been declared bankrupt.
he was the first coroner to cover the whole of gloucestershire.
2844	william harrington suffered from an agonising skin condition for two years.
doctors were baffled by the horrific burns and he fell into a depression.
he has now found it was caused by a banned toxic substance in the sofa.
furniture from the same batch was sold by argos, walmsleys and others.
argos said it is now investigating if the seller originally bought it from them.
2845	dzhokhar tsarnaev could face death penalty if convicted of terror attack.
20-year-old's defense team says it needs more time to build a case.
2846	the taliban accuse the u.s. of "shedding the blood of tens of thousands" of afghans.
the terror attacks of september 11 are a murky pretext for the violence, they say.
the afghan people have the stamina to fight on, the taliban say.
u.s. and coalition forces have been battling the taliban for almost a decade.
2847	kayla ashlyn bonkowski, 19, charged with felony poisoning in michigan.
told police her roommate emily joseph, 20, was acting 'mean'
2848	the scotsman's win at queen's on sunday has seen ticket prices soar.
two prime centre court seats for the july 7 final have peaked at £13,500.
seats further back will still cost murray fans almost £7,000 for a pair.
the 26-year-old lost out in last year's wimbledon final to roger federer.
2849	gamers will be able trade-in, lend, resell, gift, and rent discs and there will be no limitations to using and sharing games on the xbox one.
there is no longer a 24-hour connection requirement to play games online.
the company said the decision was made as a result of customer feedback.
rival sony announced earlier this month its cheaper playstation 4 console would not limit gamers to only playing new software.
2850	ronell wilson, 31, had appeals court throw out his death sentence in 2011.
convicted of shooting dead two undercover police officers in new york city in 2003.
justice department is seeking capital punishment with a new jury as wilson's defense costs continue to mount.
2851	restaurant to be open at the nou camp until mid-august.
fans get the chance to dine in full view of the famous pitch.
visitors get the chance to have a snack or full gourmet menu at the restaurant.
2852	new: jeffs will begin presenting the defense case after lunch.
new: prosecutors play a tape they say documents the sexual assault of a 12-year-old.
other recordings were played for jurors on tuesday.
"you have to be ready for the time i need your comfort," the voice in a recording says.
2853	cabazitaxel increases survival for men in advanced stage of disease.
prostate cancer charity boss describes news as 'huge blow'
2854	obama to visit ghana after his trip to italy's g8 summit in july.
obama also planning to visit egypt, russia this summer.
obama last traveled to africa in 2006.
2855	young frenchman thibaut pinot claims the eighth stage of the tour de france.
britain's bradley wiggins holds off a late attack from his rivals to keep yellow jersey.
wiggins is ten seconds in front of his nearest challenger australian cadel evans.
2856	they were taken by pete oxford, from torquay, in the ecuadorian amazon.
at one point the monkey even steals a football from boys to show off skills.
then he climbed onto car and spent minutes gazing at his own reflection.
2857	local governor fears 2,700 dead; a u.n. official says 350 killed, but toll may rise.
there was a wedding ceremony happening at the time of landslide, governor says.
a  landslide struck a remote, mountainous area in northeast afghanistan around noon.
hundreds from a nearby village came to help, then another landslide hit.
2858	new vaccine cut risk of hiv infection by 31 percent in world's largest hiv trial.
combination of prime, booster vaccines prove effective, researchers say.
researchers tested strains in thailand; not known if vaccine would work elsewhere.
2859	jamie hilton, 36, slipped and hit her head on a rock during a fishing trip.
surgeons removed part of her skull as her brain was swelling.
stored it in her stomach for 42 days to keep the bone nourished.
mrs hilton was crowned mrs idaho 2009 and competed in mrs america.
2860	superman, batman, others born during great depression, early world war ii years.
new exhibit shows "golden age" of superhero characters.
artist jerry robinson, who created the joker: "we're looking for heroes"
2861	claims date to when talbot, 65, was a teacher near manchester in 1970s.
jury heard he asked pupils to pose for naked photos on school trip.
boys 'lay  on top of others pretending to be girls for up to two hours'
witness, then 14, said talbot persuaded him to perform a sex act on him.
talbot later left  biology teaching job and became famous tv presenter.
witness reported claims in 1992 but there was insufficient evidence.
talbot denies indecently assaulting five boys and the trial continues.
2862	chalkbot scrawls text messages and twitter posts on tour de france route.
the tractor-like robot is part of an ad campaign for nike.
people whose messages are chosen receive pictures of their text on the road.
robot's creator says idea is part of trend in art: digital creations become real.
2863	nasa's experiment will allow scientists to chart winds in the high atmosphere.
winds can interfere with gps signals, introducing errors of up to half a mile.
the rockets release clouds that can be tracked from the ground.
it will allow a better understanding of why satellite signals are disrupted.
2864	30-year-old ant was covered in black and white stripes by vicious vandals.
2865	study for paul cezanne's "the card players" found among texas art collector's paintings.
sketch was only known through an old photograph; not seen since 1953, feared lost.
finished paintings in the series now hang in some of the world's best-known galleries.
experts say the study is likely to sell for $15 to $20 million at auction on may 1.
2866	george osborne says move reflected 'very difficult economic times'
tories  have already reversed unpopular tax changes on pasties, caravans,.
charitable giving and church improvements.
it comes just a day after.
transport secretary justine greening said she was not prepared to stand.
in the way of the planned rise in fuel duty.
downing street admits even david cameron was not told of the decision prior to announcement.
the £500 million boost to motorists can be paid as a result of departmental savings across whitehall, the treasury said.
2867	tanya brookes, 46, was convicted of dishonestly making £11,000.
back with family and  allowed out with a tag on ‘home detention curfew’
forged vouchers or claimed refunds for goods bought online stores.
jailing her at winchester crown court in may, judge andrew barnett said: ‘you have disgraced the uniform you once wore'
2868	japanese scarlet jellyfish is known as the "immortal jellyfish"
professor shin kubota is a marine expert from japan researching its life cycle.
he says the jellyfish could be the key to rejuvenation in humans.
2869	kercher was killed in 2007 in villa in perugia, italy, that she rented with amanda knox.
21-year-old lived life to full and had "big heart," say friends.
2870	stephen fry reveals the extent of his cocaine use in third autobiography.
due to be released this week, he admits spending large sums on the drug.
in the past fry has also spoken openly about his battle with bipolar disorder.
for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or go to www.samaritans.org.
2871	average sat score of obama's 1981 transfer group to columbia was 1,100.
bush got into yale with score of 1,206 out of 1,600.
obama refuses to release his academic record.
2872	cher, 31, from glasgow, got skull and wings tattoo in her twenties.
at the time she was struggling to fit into gay community.
she thought to be accepted as a lesbian, she had to look butch.
but now she regrets 'manly' tattoo.
prefers to be girly and wishes she'd never had tattoo done.
endures painful laser surgery to have it removed.
2873	newt gingrich: the attack on sony wasn't an amateur hack, but an act of war.
he says u.s. needs to do much more to respond when american companies are targeted.
u.s. needs to retaliate in a significant way, he says.
2874	danny welbeck set to make arsenal debut against manchester city on saturday lunchtime.
striker scored twice for england in 2-0 win over switzerland on monday.
frank lampard ready to make manchester city debut at the emirates.
former gunners defender bacary sagna also set for emirates return.
2875	longest-lived areas all in the south of england.
a glaswegian man can expect to live 71.6 years, in kensington it's 85.1.
2876	rhonda kristen casto, 23, was hiking with her boyfriend stephen wagner nichols, now aged 40, when she fell to her death on march 16, 2009.
at the time, casto's death was ruled an accident due to slippery conditions on the narrow trail east of portland, oregon.
investigators now believe the young mother's boyfriend is to blame, and arrested him on february 12 at san francisco international airport.
nichols faces 25 years to life in prison if convicted.
2877	holland face mexico in fortaleza on sunday.
temperatures are forecast to be around 35 degrees.
van gaal is 'not happy' about the conditions but says holland will cope.
2878	welsh singer has been stepping out with adam bidwell, a friend of prince harry.
they met through mutual friends in london a few weeks ago.
2879	vince flynn was the author of the popular mitch rapp series.
the series is slated to be made into a movie.
flynn had been battling prostate cancer.
2880	nearly 80 families were evacuated and sent to nearby un refugee shelter.
horses and carriages used to ferry family members through brown sludge.
the flooding was due to heavy rain and drainage issues.
allegations that israel had caused the flooding by opening dams were rejected, as there are no dams in southern israel.
an earlier version of this article stated that israel had opened river dams in the south of the country, causing flooding in the gaza strip. in fact, there are no dams in southern israel and the flooding was caused by rain and drainage issues. we are happy to clarify this.
2881	tawny blazejowksi, 41, launched a campaign of hate against joe good, 51.
she became angry after the pair split following a three year relationship.
she got him arrested three times and fired from his job of over 24 years.
she went to the sheriff’s office  and accused good of domestic violence.
but cops later found seven notebooks detailing everything she had done.
2882	sir ian botham accepts that the original ashes urn is too fragile to leave its home at lord's.
england declined net practice at the scg on new year's day, preferring a fielding session.
paul downton, the new managing director of english cricket, was not at the scg on wednesday.
there was a friendly atmosphere between the england and australia teams at a new year's day reception.
2883	abu ghraib is now baghdad central prison, with a garden and a gym.
in 2004, photos of prisoners being humiliated by american guards were published.
ministry of justice trying to show that the prison, now under iraqi control, has changed.
2884	methoxetamine 'not fit for human consumption'
drug can be easily purchased online for £17 per gram.
this article has been amended to remove the erroneous statement that the drug is used for feeding plants.
2885	jose mourinho has warned he will begin a clearout of players after claiming chelsea are out of the title race.
blues boss has accused some players of lacking the 'personality' to perform against smaller clubs.
chelsea have lost points to the likes of west brom, stoke and crystal palace this season.
atletico madrid striker diego costa is expected to be their top target.
mourinho has warned his misfiring strikers they must compete or go.
torres, luiz,and cole among the names that could leave stamford bridge.
2886	austin haley died after being accidentally shot by a police officer.
paul brad rogers had meant to kill a snake, but his bullet missed the animal.
2887	gary smith, 48, and lee newell, 44, strangled killer at hmp long lartin.
subham anwar, 24, has his neck broken in the prison attack.
victim murdered his lover's daughter and was jailed for 23 years in 2009.
sanam navsarka suffered 107 separate injuries and had all four limbs broken.
2888	the incident comes as brazil addresses crime before world cup and the olympics.
the alleged victim was brought in for questioning and was never seen again.
investigators believe the victim was tortured.
2889	photographer takes 1,500 photos to create just one composite image.
stephen wilkes spends up to 15 hours a day shooting sunrise and sunset.
2890	countries inside and outside the region are willing to aid in strikes against isis, kerry said.
kerry admitted that airstrikes alone will not solve the challenge of defeating isis.
"we're not looking to put troops on the ground," kerry said.
2891	abbi has a muscle-wasting disease, which makes her vulnerable to toppling over.
took two years to get a diagnosis as condition is so rare.
parents are now raising money in the hope of one day finding a cure.
2892	raheem sterling is yet to sign a new long-term contract with liverpool.
brendan rodgers said he has been offered a 'wonderful deal' to stay.
but his representatives are keen to get the best deal for the young star.
his wages are expected to rise from around £35,000-a-week to £100,000.
a number of european clubs are monitoring the talks closely.
click here for all the latest liverpool news.
2893	tegan hancox found with her feet only two inches off the floor, inquest told.
sleepwalked four or five times and spoke ‘gibberish’ without remembering it.
2894	crowd of 200 gathered at mormon church in saratoga springs for service.
mr hunt was described as a shy and gentle arts lover by friends and family.
22-year-old was shot dead by police at a mall in the city last wednesday.
police claim he was carrying a samurai-style sword and lunged at officers.
incident has sparked intense debate over whether race played a role in death.
comes just one month after the shooting of unarmed teenager michael brown by a police officer in ferguson, missouri sparked nationwide protests.
2895	convicted match-fixer wilson raj perumal speaks to cnn in first television interview.
singaporean says he fixed up to 100 matches all over the world.
perumal boasts about having fixed world cup qualifiers and making millions of dollars.
former fifa investigator says match-fixing threatens to destroy game's integrity.
2896	margaret thatcher said jonathan lynn's co-written bbc hit "yes, minister" was her favorite show.
jonathan lynn: mps crowded into house of commons bars to watch themselves satirized.
when she was losing favor, he says, thatcher "wrote" a sketch and starred as herself.
lynn: really written by a press secretary, it was a pr move to make people like her more.
2897	real madrid have completed the signing of portugal defender fabio coentrao.
coentrao will join from benfica for a fee believed to be in the region of $43 million.
new: manchester city have announced the arrival of stefan savic from partizan belgrade.
2898	sickly stray sam was set to be put down at pound.
charity worker who stumped up funds to save him compares surgery to plot of the six million dollar man.
2899	new: u.s. general meets with top officials in baghdad and irbil.
airstrikes and humanitarian airdrops are being considered, white house official says.
isis fighters have besieged the town of amerli since june.
"there are fears of an imminent massacre," a u.n. official says.
2900	obama administration seeking iran deal as part of wider mideast strategy, says andrew hammon.
deal would reportedly see iran's nuclear capacity capped for six months, opened up to inspection.
since re-election, obama has achieved little policy success amid political gridlock - hammond.
foreign policy allows obama potential for long-term success, he adds.
2901	corey mccarthy of phoenix, arizona, has been charged with two counts of child abuse.
video footage shows him throw his 23-month-old daughter mia head first into a swimming pool.
mccarthy claims he was trying to teach her lesson after she dropped a five-week-old puppy into the water and it drowned.
he is currently in the prison infirmary after he was beaten up in jail.
2902	jenson button to serve five-place grid penalty at the japanese grand prix.
the mclaren driver punished after a new gearbox had to be fitted to his car.
f1 rules dictate a driver must use the same gearbox for five races in a row.
the japanese grand prix takes place at suzuka on sunday.
2903	court hears she poured liquidised food down throat of 10-month-old toddler.
judge: ‘in this country the feeding of a child in this way, against its will, is wrong and dangerous'
post-mortem examination found she died from pneumonia caused by food, including meat and cereals, in her lungs.
2904	89 passengers were on board the flight from germany.
travellers described how they thought plane had hit turbulence.
pilot made announcement in german before repeating in english.
2905	rafael nadal begins his 2014 wimbledon campaign with a win.
the world no. 1 sees off martin klizan with a 4-6 6-3 6-3 6-3 victory.
roger federer also advances to the second round after beating paolo lorenzi 6-1 6-1 6-3.
maria sharapova and serena williams safely through to second round.
2906	callum lancaster continues excellent start to super league career with hat-trick at the kc stadium.
however hull teenager was on the losing side as warrington won 24-18.
2907	john tull, 65, died in santa fe, new mexico, a month after cancer diagnosis.
was told he had the bubonic plague in 2002 after a trip to the big apple.
he was put in an induced coma and both of his feet were amputated.
his wife, lucinda marker, said his death was nothing to do with the plague.
infection wiped out a third of the european population in the 14th century.
2908	memorial day through labor day is the deadliest time for teen drivers.
in 2012, nearly 1,000 people were killed in crashes involving teen drivers during the summer.
researchers: passengers increase the risk of a teen driver crashing by at least 44%.
more than 40 states have laws limiting passengers for newly licensed drivers.
2909	recruitment firm robert half interviewed 200 bosses about preconceptions.
found 90% were put off by those who move around too much in working life.
36% of executives also said they look down on 'job-hopping' applicants.
2910	african women with obstetric fistula see themselves as the walking dead, doctor says.
fistula can be repaired with delicate surgery and follow-up care.
many african hospitals and doctors lack education and expertise.
thursday is the first-ever international day to end obstetric fistula.
2911	contenders for 2012 gop presidential nomination no longer have to keep up a charade.
for those thinking about running, the midterms served as a pregame show.
bigger names say they won't decide whether to run until early next year.
2912	south korean midfielder is in demand with sunderland also interested.
aston villa want to sign the 25-year-old but swansea hope he will stay.
ki spent last season on loan with the black cats and was impressive.
pablo hernandez's move to al arabi delayed as clubs argue over fee.
deal is not thought to be in danger and will still likely go ahead.
2913	tony mcgill has filed allegations against bolton and chairman phil gartside.
case relates to the 2007 transfer of gavin mccann from aston villa.
wanderers claim the allegations have already been dealt with in civil case.
2914	alexei pushkov ridiculed 'american exceptionalism' just hours after shots rang out at washington's navy yard.
the mocking tweet used words from obama's speech on the syria crisis last week to ridicule america.
pushkov became a staple of media coverage of russia during the edward snowden controversy.
2915	amanda bynes posted a series of strange tweets friday.
bynes once had promising career, has struggled in last few years.
actress seemed to be doing well after mental health treatment.
in last month, she's had dui arrest and made troubling statements.
2916	samantha cameron was on a visit to lebanon as an ambassador for save the children.
prime minister's wife said she was.
horrified by stories she heard from those caught up in the violence.
the number of refugees has increased from 1,000 a day at the beginning of the year to over 8,000 a day.
2917	lei chung, 16, from china, had to share a bedroom with his parents.
says his father would watch pornographic films every night.
even if he covered his eyes, he could still hear the sound from the tv.
the images have haunted him ever since and he tried to commit suicide.
has now been diagnosed a 'new' form of post-traumatic stress disorder.
chinese doctors have termed it 'porn traumatic stress disorder'
2918	the former la lakers star spoke with cnn's anderson cooper to respond to comments disgraced clippers owner donald sterling made about him.
sterling made a series of disparaging remarks about johnson in his monday interview with cooper - the first since being banned from the nba.
the 80-year-old clippers owner said johnson was a bad role model for kids because he got hiv and doesn't do enough to help minorities.
johnson said sterling is uninformed about his charity work and 'reaching' for someone to blame and take attention away from his own problems.
but johnson was forgiving and said he is praying for sterling.
'i'm not a guy who holds grudges and all that,' johnson said.
2919	state-of-the-art patrol car three times more powerful than british police cars.
brought in to celebrate nation's successful world expo 2020 bid.
won 'car of the year' and 'best supercar' at middle east motor awards 2013.
2920	coach luciano spalletti has parted company with italian club roma.
spalletti resigned following his side's second successive defeat on sunday.
the 50-year-old was criticized by fans after failing to make major signings.
new: former juventus coach claudio ranieri is taking over at the serie a club.
2921	new book reveals inside story of justin welby's conversion to christianity.
welby travelled to kenya in january 1974 after leaving eton.
he spent a gap year teaching as part of an anglican missionary project.
welby and a friend had to deal with a young student who took his own life.
following the suicide, welby admitted that he 're-dedicated his life'
2922	bear pictured trying to smash its way into rural russian building.
station thought to be in tarbinskaya in the krasnoyarsk region of russia.
2923	customers to be allowed cancel their contracts without penalty if bills go up.
ofcom said many customers do not know bills can rise in fixed term contract.
new escape clause to be available to people will fixed-price broadband too.
2924	the majority of the money came from the politician and mining magnate's multiple private businesses, including mineralogy and palmer coolum resort.
mr palmer also made a personal donation of over $100,000.
labour and liberal declared only $8.4 million and $18.6 million worth of donations respectively.
the revelations come a few days after senator jacqui lambie left the pup.
she is now standing as an independent, insisting 'tasmanians are my boss'
2925	steve smith scores ton as australia ease to 3-0 win against india.
smith's century hauled him level with donald bradman and jacques kallis.
new zealand beat sri lanka, but england drew with gauteng invitational xi.
2926	presidential adviser shaaban says the government will attend without preconditions.
she ridicules the opposition coalition as a front for saudi intelligence.
women, children, laborers are among those killed, sana reports.
2927	antivirus software mogul, 67, landed in miami last night following his deportation from guatemala.
belize authorities say they still want to question mcafee in the murder of his neighbor, gregory viant faull, 52.
he claims police in belize are 'corrupt' and he would have been killed if he turned himself in.
2928	more than 60 percent of bsa members voted on thursday to allow openly gay boys to join.
gay adults remain barred from serving as scout leaders.
thursday's announcement is not expected to satisfy either the conservative or liberal wings of the organization.
2929	duda says st pat's gave them tougher test than celtic in warsaw.
spl champions fell to 4-1 defeat in champions league qualifier (first leg)
scott brown has promised to give his all for celtic.
2930	amanda berry tells relatives she's fine, a 6-year-old freed is her daughter.
a brother says gina dejesus "liked to dance a lot, crack jokes"
michelle knight, now 32, was reported missing in 2002.
all 3 were allegedly held captive until monday inside a cleveland home.
2931	usa swimming suspends michael phelps from competition for three months.
kellogg co. says it won't renew its sponsorship of phelps.
announcements follow publication of photo showing phelps smoking from bong.
sheriff's office says it is investigating whether phelps smoked marijuana.
2932	bob greene: discovery of van gogh painting points up immortality of the artist.
he says van gogh struggled with his art--and depression--died young, but art endured.
he says art in all its forms is like message in a bottle, sent from the mind of artist to the ages.
greene: art, whether phil everly or van gogh, keeps artist's perceptions alive.
2933	bobby davis asked his parishioners in bridgeport, connecticut to stay behind after sunday's service and said he had an affair 'long ago'
congregation started screaming and he keeled over 'from a heart attack'
he had been married to his wife christine, 69, for 50 years.
2934	david cameron visited manager roy hodgson and the england squad on thursday at st george's park.
prime minister chatted with steven gerrard and frank lampard ahead of  2014 world cup.
cameron watched wayne rooney, jordan henderson and adam lallana partake in shooting practice.
2935	jury has found that 'blurred lines' drew on marvin gaye's 'got to give it up'
danny cevallos : music infringement presents a tricky question.
2936	gareth southgate was sacked by middlesbrough on october 20, 2009.
‘it gave me the chance to learn and strengthen myself in areas of coaching where i needed more knowledge: management, leadership,' says southgate.
england's under 21 team take on croatia on tuesday night in the second leg of their euro 2015 qualifying tie.
2937	new: venezuela says it has detained three members of the national guard.
the cocaine traveled in 30 colorful suitcases from venezuela to france.
the bags weren't registered to any of the passengers on the flight.
several people have been taken into custody, france's interior minister said.
2938	the swiss face lionel messi's argentina on tuesday in the last 16.
shaqiri has suffered three thigh muscle injuries in the past season.
he scored the second hat-trick of the tournament against honduras.
2939	liam angel settled contest in 43rd minute at bangor city.
steve cooper slipped to defeat in first match as england coach.
england controlled much of the match but couldn't take chances.
they travel to play northern ireland next week.
2940	paul gascoigne, 46, is undergoing rehabilitation for alcohol addiction near to his bournemouth apartment.
troubled former footballer spotted cleaning windows on his forth floor flat.
2941	jason collins met with the parents of matthew shepard on thursday night in denver.
collins, the first openly gay nba player revealed that shepard has been his inspiration.
brooklyn nets center collins, 35, said that he wears no. 98 in his honor.
openly gay student, matthew shepard, was brutally murdered in 1998 in a crime which shocked the country.
2942	townhouse in tribeca neighborhood in manhattan, new york, has been put on market for staggering $48million.
at an impressive 65 feet wide, it features six bedrooms, seven bathrooms, art studio and a media room with bar.
it also includes a 50-foot heated swimming pool - complete with gym and powder room - and a three-car garage.
six-story mansion described by estate agents as being 'one-of-a-kind property of rare distinction' in manhattan.
eight-figure price is in stark contrast to that of other homes with three-car garages in america;  a seven-bedroom property with enough parking space for three vehicles is on sale for just $445,000 in mahwah, new jersey.
2943	toni mchugh had asked gerard baden-clay to leave his wife and had dreamed of sharing custody of his three children.
the mistress says she sometimes feels like australia's monica lewinsky in an interview with women's weekly which is on sale on thursday.
toni was having an affair with baden-clay when he killed his wife allison.
he was found guilty on july 15 of his wife's murder and dumping her body in a creek near their brisbane home.
2944	greg rutherford wins long jump at european championships.
27-year-old also won gold at commonwealth and olympic games.
rutherford is british record holder, having jumped 8.51 metres in april.
2945	scientists discovered a way to ‘melt’ excess white fat by turning it ‘brown’
white cells are responsible for muffin tops and flab, for example.
while brown fat cells convert excess energy in food into heat.
these brown cells behave in this way because of adenosine receptor a2a.
this receptor sends the adenosine molecule to break down the cells.
by transferring the receptor into white cells, they behaved like brown ones.
2946	grant holt suffered cruciate knee ligament damage on tuesday night.
striker injured during wigan athletic's 1-0 loss to sheffield wednesday.
latics boss malky mackay says holt faces nine to 12 months out injured.
2947	institute for fiscal studies members say plans will raise 'little revenue'
clothing tycoon richard caring accuses balls of 'socialist nonsense'
boris johnson calls for chancellor to cut top rate tax to 40p.
2948	matthew deane's family were tormented when they moved to oakley, utah.
for four months teenagers would cover the house in toilet paper.
they would break their furniture and bang on their windows late at night.
problem got so bad their 15-year-old daughter left her school.
one night some of the culprits were caught and instead of charging the group, they asked them to donate rolls instead.
now they have more than 1,000 after the campaign spread on social media.
2949	cleethorpes pier opened in 1873 and cost £8,000 to build - but has seen troubled times since, including a breach during world war ii.
the current owner has invested more than £200,000 in it in two years.
the pier has played host to bingo, wrestling and a nightclub and will be sold at auction on february 2 by swindells auctioneers.
2950	thusha kamaleswaran was just five when she was shot in the spine.
she had been playing at her uncle's shop in stockwell, south london.
the youngster was given just a 50-50 chance of survival.
but against adversity she has taken her first steps again.
now, aged seven, she 'can't wait' to walk properly on her own again.
2951	julia stafford survived the attack with only minor injuries, but will need surgery to repair a broken hand.
the quick-thinking college student played dead after the bear knocked her over.
sunday attack comes only two days after backpacker richard white was eaten by a bear in denali national park and preserve.
2952	veteran reporter david cay johnston made huge error.
former pulitzer prize winner misread documents.
he apologises for error and makes full correction.
david cay johnston's full retraction can be read by clicking here.
2953	the colts have gone winless without injured starting quarterback peyton manning.
manning has led the team to unprecedented success and a super bowl championship.
colts will be in position to draft andrew luck if they finish with the nfl's worst record.
colts might end up with a decision to make between manning and luck.
2954	aa said it had received call-outs from a number of motorists complaining that their cars suddenly felt 'sluggish' soon after a fill-up.
they are investigating a possible contamination of diesel fuel.
2955	igor zaripov holds three world records for feats of strength using his teeth.
russian speaks only in his native tongue before stunts for extra power.
2956	it is not immediately clear what the charges are.
a judge must now decide whether the charges merit moving a case forward.
police escort the former dictator from his hotel to a courthouse.
a haitian journalist plans to seek criminal charges against the former dictator.
2957	diplomat nicholas sutcliffe's family home was raided by anti-terror police.
officers spent four days searching £650,000 house in streatham, london.
mr sutcliffe's son james, 19, arrested under counter terrorism legislation.
however, the teenager was bailed and will now face no further action.
friends and family claim police officers may have 'messed up' after tip-off.
'james has been told by police he has done nothing wrong,' says relative.
magistrate meena patel's home was also searched in stratford on sunday.
daughter kuntal, 36, believed to have been arrested and held in custody.
three addresses in london are currently being searched by experts.
2958	chelsea will appeal the red card shown to midfielder nemanja matic.
the serbia midfielder was sent off for pushing burnley's ashley barnes.
barnes committed a dreadful tackle on the chelsea player on saturday.
chelsea have until 1pm on tuesday to submit their evidence to the fa.
2959	researchers in scotland asked study participants to remember details of two stories.
those who shut their eyes for 10 minutes in a dark room remember more than others.
memory boost lasted a full week after the study took place.
2960	the idea of handing over fingerprints to apple via new iphone 5s has some nervous.
the phone will feature a fingerprint sensor in its home button for added security.
apple: fingerprint info will be encrypted and stored in your phone, not on our servers.
security expert: "hackers will be certainly intrigued to see how they might circumvent" system.
2961	west yorkshire police want to gain 'better understanding' of club.
officers went to savile's after being told to play more active role in the community.
no evidence that club members knew of savile's sexual offences.
2962	violence after december 2007 elections nearly tore kenya apart.
nearly 1,500 people were killed and hundreds of thousands displaced.
tribunal was part of deal to end ethnic violence.
2963	lancashire airport is closing today after years of financial struggles.
blackpool international began offering flights to  the isle of man in 1946.
served just 235,000 people last year and was losing £2m a year.
2964	actresses at this year's oscars shared a number of key fashion trends.
popular styles included quiffed hairdos, slimming illusion panels and statement lips.
femail charts the highlights that headed down the red carpet yesterday evening.
2965	rio ferdinand has failed to be the leader david moyes needs at man united.
stars like yohan cabaye will continue to leave newcastle while alan pardew shows no interest in the cups.
arsenal should be thrown out of fa cup for ticket prices.
chelsea's jose mourinho is putting the pressure on himself by selling juan mata.
why these vile twits need to clean up their act.
2966	dutch forward arjen robben admitted trying to fool referee pedro proenca.
robben said: 'the one [at the end] was a penalty, but the other one was a dive in the first half.'
holland were awarded a penalty after a foul on robben by rafael marquez.
klaas jan huntelaar converted the late spot-kick to dump out mexico.
miguel herrera branded robben a cheat afterwards.
2967	sam lutfi was ousted from spears' life when her dad became her conservator.
lutfi is suing for millions in damages and pay he says he's owed for being spears' manager.
a book by spears' mom painted lutfi as a "predator" and a "svengali," his suit says.
the spears book caused him "hatred, contempt, ridicule and obloquy," lutfi claims.
2968	arsenal's santi cazorla heaps praise on chelsea winger eden hazard.
cazorla believes hazard can reach level of lionel messi and co.
hazard has scored six goals in all competitions this season.
2969	clayton john fischer, 24, and hollie may fischer, 21, from knoxville, iowa charged with neglect and child endangerment on monday.
2970	victim found dead by passer-by outside st mary abbots church, kensington.
paramedics could not revive him and firefighters had to cut him free.
police probing if man was homeless and had been  sleeping in locked garden.
pm worships at st mary abbots and his children go to linked primary school.
the camerons also had memorial built inside to their late son ivan, six.
2971	woman arrested after pulling razor from her underwear and throwing it at jackman.
2972	john zadrozny told his students if they left him in a doodle, he would do one back.
the rule was the work had to be done first.
more and more students because excited for his exams and getting them back because of the funny pictures he would leave them.
2973	wales and lions fullback leigh halfpenny kicks three penalties and adds two conversion for toulon.
craig gilroy's try and paddy jackson's two penalties not enough for the northern province.
toulon star juan fernandez lobbe forced from the field with a leg injury while matt giteau was withdrawn from the action after 27 minutes.
2974	lil wayne's lyrics include what pepsico calls an "offensive reference" to emmett till.
till, a 14-year-old black youth from chicago, was murdered in mississippi in 1955.
a publicist for the rapper's label says the artist and the company parted ways amicably.
2975	edgar froese who founded tangerine dream in 1967 dies at the age of 70.
he died unexpectedly from the effects of a pulmonary embolism in vienna.
band made music for hollywood films and the computer game grand theft auto v.
2976	four members of the public were secretly put to the test to see how they would react when asked to cover up a crime by a close friend.
test used actors posing as police, hidden cameras, and secret microphones.
they were told about an incriminating bloody shirt and asked to hide it.
each covered up for their friend - without even knowing what had happened.
experiment filmed to mark new drama series how to get away with murde.
the drama will premiere on the universal channel tonight at 10pm.
2977	clip used by prosecutors as evidence against captain at manslaughter trial.
apparently shows francesco schettino looking relaxed next to the lifeboat.
appears to contradict previous claims he 'tripped and stumbled' into raft.
schettino claims his decision to delay evacuation may have saved lives.
charged with manslaughter and abandoning ship in disaster that killed 32.
2978	professor jack zipes has translated the original stories by the german pair.
includes cinderella's stepsisters cutting part of foot off to fit into slipper.
rapunzel got pregnant after having a 'merry time' with her prince.
in snow white it is her real, not step, mother who wants her killed.
up to 50 tales from the first editions were deleted or heavily-edited.
zipes believes this is because the grimms did not want to 'offend religious middle-class sensitivity'
2979	blast happened just before midnight yesterday in rangoon.
ninth floor room of five-star traders hotel was targeted.
a 43-year-old american woman is in hospital with thigh and hand wounds.
her husband and children, aged five and seven, were unhurt.
three men have been arrested including last person to use room.
2980	mayor of city in iwate prefecture lost wife in 2011 tsunami.
personal struggle to raise his sons and rebuild the city of rikuzentakata.
hopes that residents of city will stay, although 1,000 have left.
2981	george hobica, airfarewatchdog.com founder, issues advice for new seats.
he says obesity causes 'problems' when flying commercially.
hobica suggests up to eight seats be added that are eight inches wider.
passengers would pay the same amount as extra legroom for extra width.
2982	hildur lilliendahl viggósdóttir from iceland was banned from facebook for 30 days.
the decision has caused outcry in iceland.
facebook rules forbid users from taking screenshots of other people's statuses without their written permission.
2983	rodgers is backing the 19-year-old to continue his fine form for liverpool.
the liverpool boss believes the winger will continue to have teams running scared of him this season.
sterling was a stand-out performer for england at the world cup in brazil.
2984	max planck institute in germany has revealed the true colour of 67p.
the image reveals what the comet would look like to the human eye.
it was taken by combining different filters from rosetta's main camera.
superposing the red, blue and green wavelengths together revealed the colour of the comet to be almost as black as coal.
and from the images it appears there is no ice at all on the surface.
this suggests it is all being hidden under the surface of the comet.
2985	madeleine shaw introduced millie to the healthy lifestyle she loves.
nutritionist says by adding one juice to your diet can be very beneficial.
emphasises importance of making your own fresh juices.
has shared seven recipes with femail, including hangover cure.
2986	cleveland police release recording of miss berry after she escaped dungeon.
'i've been missing for 10 years, and i'm, i'm here, i'm free now', she screams.
her call led to liberation of fellow hostages gina dejesus and michell knight.
ariel castro, 52, and his two brothers have been arrested over kidnapping.
2987	angel di maria's wife jorgelina cardosohas been shaken up.
united star's home was subject to an attempted break-in on saturday night.
di maria and family have been given round-the-clock security by the club.
the winger, his wife and daughter have moved into a manchester hotel.
the manchester united players checked into the lowry hotel on monday.
2988	the 30-year-old man sent the break up text last monday.
he listed six reasons why he wanted to split with the sydney woman.
among them include her 'unladylike' swearing and being 'rude' to his cat.
the woman, who remains unnamed, says the text was 'a bit laughable'
she also defended her dislike for cats, saying she is 'completely allergic'
2989	94% said that weighing more than 10st was undesirable and unattractive.
being over 10st is diet trigger for women.
for 75% of men, being a 36in waist or more was their diet trigger.
holly willoughby, davina mccall and duchess of cambridge voted 'desirable' celebrity bodies.
2990	wic has been running a surplus in 2011, and that money could be used to fill any funding reduction.
republicans also passed cuts to planned parenthood, arts, heating subsidies.
senate democrats are proposing $41 billion of their own cuts.
a spending plan must be approved by march 4 to avoid a government shutdown.
2991	tuscany's elba island is celebrating 200th anniversary of napoleon's exile to elba.
reenactment of emperor's arrival is one of many events for the bicentennial.
the people of elba remember napoleon's legacy fondly.
2992	saif al-islam was captured by rebel forces in november.
human rights fears over treatment of gaddafi's son.
colonel gaddafi's daughter demands inquiry into circumstances surrounding dictator's death.
2993	shana dowdeswell, 23, died after downing shots in a new york bar.
she died of natural causes due to chronic alcoholism.
she acted onstage with cynthia nixon and is in new de niro movie 'the big wedding'
her grieving mother, laurie, is calling on police to clamp down on bars who serve drunk punters.
2994	ringling brothers' "blind-touch tour" gives visually impaired kids circus experience.
children get close-up performance, chance to try out costumes and equipment.
parents say it helps the kids understand and enjoy the circus.
2995	nfl fans boo commissioner and chant for football at nfl draft.
league's labor battle is being fought in the courts.
players have won early legal victories, which may be helping them stay united.
a test of their unity could come in september, when they'd start missing paychecks.
2996	new jersey resident drew kanevsky got a miniature drone for christmas.
the plucky pensioner decided to test out what his new gadget could do.
a video clip captures the hilarious moment he flies it into his own face.
2997	multi-millionaire greg secker, 39, was caught by police in a sex act.
still had his trousers undone when officers pulled over his lamborghini.
fined £1,000 and given five penalty points at wimbledon magistrates' court.
high profile finance guru has met sir richard branson and prince william.
2998	governor john kitzhaber acknowledges legitimate questions have been raised about her cylvia hayes, 47, taxes.
he attempted to explained why cylvia hayes was paid thousands from a d.c. energy company.
she was paid an additional $118,000 for consulting while she was advising the governor on the same topics.
hayes has previously admitted to buying washington land for a pot farm and taking part in a sham marriage to an ethiopian immigrant.
kitzhaber, 67, who has just begun an unprecedented fourth term as governor, said he knew nothing of her past dealings.
asked if he considered stepping down, he said no. he said he fully intends to fulfill his unprecedented fourth term, for which he was just elected.
2999	deputy children's commissioner sue berelowitz said children will kill themselves if they believe their names will become known to the public.
remarks were greeted with astonishment by campaigners for open justice.
comes in the wake of an ongoing dispute among judges, lawyers and social workers over how far the family courts should be opened.
3000	independent researchers at which? tested the processing speeds and performance of the latest phones from apple, samsung, htc and lg.
processing speed determines how quickly the phones can open apps, play videos and games, multitask and more.
apple's iphone 6 came first, followed by the iphone 6 plus and galaxy s5.
the speed of samsung’s galaxy note 4 and sony experia z3 are yet to be tested and it's thought both could be as fast as apple’s new handsets.
